Yeah, the more I research about them the more fucked up things I find! They regularly reduce the sentences, give probation or set free rapists, what the fuck.
Yup a two year old will never clean their teeth properly, without supervision, a silly song and parental 'finishing'. Heck I doubt my five year old could without my husband or I watching him like a hawk. 
**Shannel** . Hands down and I would have so much fun with it. 
Does that mean I can put on a bikini and charge people to look at me?
Ok, here's the really scary part: that looks like some sort of engagement or wedding ring on the paw. Yes, someone married it and mated with it. I can't even imagine all the FUPA-moving (nor do I want to).
I completely forgot i have this game. Played it about halfway and then a bunch of stuff happened where i didnt play games for a long time. Guess i should dig it up and restart it.
Is it nice, or do you get 'combined' holidays, like when a birthday comes at Christmas?
Sorry, already got a 'full house'! 
Oh my goodness, that was a big bill.
You would think that big ticket item would be saved for a murder charge. Work your way up, girl!
One man's trash is another man's wife, I think.
Aww ): I'm sorry. Pineapple hurts my mouth too (at least fresh stuff) but I always keep eating it anyway and then suffer for my choices. I hope one day we can both withstand the barrage of delicious enzymes without fear
That movie gave us the Tiny Salmon song so it is cleared of all its faults
They judged me on the fact that I have a child and said that I was a sinner etc. They're literally nuts. I would love to get back together but he won't talk to me. 
I thought so too, it's still there, you just have to click on the verse # : )
I think it's crazy (and good) that I'm generally so fuzzy here on reddit about everyone's gender and race and orientation. I read a post and think: wait, male or female? etc. then move on when I realize IT DOES NOT MATTER :)much affection. 
So many people do that exact thing at weddings all the time.
Absolutely. I had a third degree episiotomy. My OB did it when my son's head was nearly a third of the way out of my vagina, and simply too big to come out without extensive tearing. It also should be done in one snip, not hacking. 
Please research pycnogenol. I have had much less pain since I have been taking it.
Are you fucking kidding me?  Oh, but the comments redeem that click.
The accompanying gut will make it difficult, if not impossible, to achieve full penetration. And forget about additional clitoral stimulation.
I'm in South Georgia, just above the Florida line. That smokehouse was brutal.
I could definitely see my boyfriend getting a GoT/ASOIAF tattoo, but that's because he's been reading the books since they first came out and it's one of his favorite book series.
I had the same thought. That would be awesome.
Just like hurricane season on the gulf coast, I'm sure there's a fire season when fires are more common and they budget around that
Yup he is already being unreliable and you have to think about baby now. Stop engaging with him and focus on your own comfort levels with preparing for baby. He will either wake up and wonder where you are or he will let you drift away. 
Hey jamie now that we're by ourselves on a secret mission into a country that hates you, let's talk about death for a while.
I think they said in 2000 for the Cardinals; not sure about any other team.
Meh. These "I did x to my baby" stories are getting old.  
God, I'm old... how popular is YikYak?  Is it likely going to have any staying power?
I like photos too. I used to just write it down, but I started using the Two Grand app recently, and I like it. 
If you live in a rental, I'd ask the landlord to check if someone is patched in to your electricity. 
LOL at Pearl being seated right next to Ru.
I have 3 Fuus. Keeping....you never know :/ buying box space never disappoints
On JP I spent my last five stones to pull Hello Kitty instead. Dupe Kuromi. Okay sure. Tonight will be a lot more interesting. Up to 170 saved free stones, but will stop at Verdandi if I am so lucky. 
I just dug up SQLite to play around with some data yesterday. Yay for the safety and comfort of being in front of our glowing screens! 
I have them on my hips and butt from puberty, and on my stomach from pregnancy. I wear the ones on my (flat, toned) stomach with pride. 
My toddler took off on me one day and a lady just stood in front of him and kind of guided him back to me. It was so appreciated!
I have been called by LaToya on the Executive relations team regarding my complaints for the &lt;$100 gift cards, however, she has also emailed me and I have asked her to correspond with me in writing, which she seems unwilling to do.  Fishy.
Immediately call in a death squad.
Nope. Rangers have always been my East Coast team. 
I'm a chick and I am LMFAO at you!!! She will appreciate it!
She was banging Lancel as a stand-in for Jaime while still being married to Robert
Raspberries.  Fresh from my garden is my preference.  In the homemade raspberry ice cream we make is second.
Are you here?  Reveal yourself!
I'm gonna start calling you Psy Oppa if you don't stop.
Idk but [this](http://i.imgur.com/gY5v4ud.gif) is me today.  Except not on stupid xbone!
Yeah that does happen in that movie, even if it's not OP's answer. Good catch.
Maybe you're in the market for hairy buttholes
How have you not popped him in the nose? 
Tooootally. It's creepy actually.
It just looks like one big shapeless blob. 
There are dudes who don't mind big girls, but the ones who don't are very vocal about it. 
It sounds like you're making the point that it should have been on a leash.
Are you trolling me? I'm done with this.
A teacher is probably in contact with lots of children every day, an oil change technician is not. 
Bananas are delicious in smoothies.  Banana creme pie is yummy too.  I also like that frozen banana dipped in chocolate thing on a stick that you can get at Disneyworld.  
I just thought it would be fun to read a couple of these at the shower. I'm a mom. I know about too much advice.
I'm guaranteeing you that if he posts about his girlfriend "overdoing" her makeup, says he prefers her without makeup/looking natural, or in any way insinuates that he doesn't love her makeup, they will attack him.
The instant he starts up with you shut down your computer and leave the room. I know it sucks to leave a game mid way but he will stop being an arse. 
I mean, when someone makes awesome plans for me and shows up with flowers and chocolate, my favorite way to thank them is to yell at them, splash them with water, and choke them.Are you fucking kidding me? 
"Thank you.""Think you!""Thank you.""Think you!"/Tatianna
The religious people who think they're doing good by preventing a "baby" from being "killed".
There are several different ways to put in implants. If you have a good plastic surgeon they can make the scars minimal, and they'll eventually fade.
Dispatcher here. It was probably 911.
He kind of is, though. He is the biggest name in boxing whether you like it admit it or not. And it's Foreman and Ali. 
My son's middle name is Terran. I always liked Terra for a girl.
Seriously! "I am on this social website, yet I have no clue how to interact socially." Ugh!!
Best in Show is in that group of movies like For Your Consideration and A Mighty Wind. Same actors and director. 
I don't know who this guy is and that makes me feel really good about myself. 
She's currently being seen weekly by a therapist. She goes to see a psych once a month, but that's only for med renewals. There are not many people around here who are "child psychiatric"   
I'm just saying I wouldnt day Bama choked, even if they did lose. It was a good game there just some things that came together better for Ohio State. I was nervous up until the very end. 
Kiss them. Talk to them about being in a relationship. 
Breast buds forming.. Look up the tanner stages
I lived those books as a kid, was never into realistic fiction
Don't know the guy w/ the clarinet in his nose...but the 3 others seemed legit. http://imgur.com/beBXXtq,Rfj8SjP,SK2OXFF,3X135rc
Wtf? In loco parentis means nothing then, if you can't physically grab a student to stop them from beating the shit out of another student. I thought that's what it was for, to act in the best interest of the child in place of the parent.
I have 9/30 of the top 30. One of which is Liu Bei which I can afford to have a dupe of. I am rather surprised by Amaterasu!!! I dont see many people using Amaterasu at all where are all these people?
What makes an N each out after years of nc? HIS MOTIVES DON'T MATTER! HOW DARE YOU QUESTION ME? 
IUD and morning after pill work the same way.
Money, so we can spend it on whatever we please later on. And a nice homemade card to accompany it.
It will be over soon.  In the mean time Zantac might help.  It's totally safe.  My Dr prescribed it for my first and I've used it will all my babies.  Stops the acid production and kills heartburn before it even starts.  
My buddy proposed with a taco bell packet. So there's that
That's is so sweet. I'm a mom, and I got teary eyed. I'm sure it means so much to her. 
I think much of it is frozen. You know, like prison food.
I like bacon by itself, but I'm not into the trend of putting bacon on everything. 
Me too. Fucking gross. Blood smells bad as it is...
My daughter's best friend went to buy a fish recently. She had the name for the fish all picked out an everything.She now has a cute little black female kitty named "Puddles"
Or go diving into a toilet one of your kids forgot to flush. GAG!!
I was friends with his sister who was a few years older. But yea, we spoke, I wouldn't say 'close' or anything.
My cat prefers to be the only cat in the house, she is currently attacking my mom's new kitten. No one is getting hurt and we will be moving in 5weeks. Then she will definitely be an only cat for the rest of her life. 
I've read stories of people going on hormones for 10 years then stopping for 8-9 months to conceive and starting again. There's not much research on this but your passibility with surgery alone won't be very good unless you're one of very lucky few.
I want to hear your story as collection of sentient rock. What race, and what character class would that be good for?
Yeah I had a ridiculous ratio of gold to not good. Even got silvers that looked decent. Definitely counting my blessings. Funny thing is, I pulled a LuBu and Chef finally pulled DQXQ, so we may end up actually using each other's friends in the end :) 
So pretty! I love how soft it looks.
Ugh, I know.  I wish I had devoted the whole day to nothing but requesting envelopes.  Next time I will!
I guess. It just makes sense to tell you something by starting out with what I ate for breakfast. 
Thank you! It's so true. I struggle with how I look but then I remember that the important part is that I'm healthy, I'm a single mom, I work full time, and I make sure my son is fed well and clothed. Thpse are the things that are more important. 
Yup. The other parents need to know.
I guess I just figured they would have found a replacement who could do the voice. Did they replace Elmo's voice actor/puppeteer after the scandal?
Are there any addresses on the birth certificate?
They are a popular group that just does dance covers to kpop songs.  It's sad when you start recognizing dance cover groups.  
I hate work dreams. You work all fucking night and then get up in the morning and go to real work. 
You probably shouldn't smoke a day before you start... It'll still be in your system.
I agree, we all have those moments. Last week I signed my husband's name instead of my own and sent an email money transfer to myself instead of rent. Oops...
Noooooo I don't believe you. :3 take a picture of your hand! 
How do you even have a sex drive at that weight? Aren't your hormones all fucked up?
Guaranteed those comments are other fat women who have been involved in previous fat circle jerks with betty buttergolem.
Not gonna down vote you, but I am unaware that he is a racist.  
No. I do not agree to disagree. I am just done with this conversation.
It was at the top of the stairs and fell down while I was walking down them.
My friend's mom passed away last night so I'll have a funeral to go to this week.
Where do you live? Cuuuuuz that's so not legal where I live! 
Holy crap you are impressively strong. *Hugs* I'm sorry you are going through this. 
I have nightmares about what you're going through. No siblings or help?
Fucking shut up already Kenn-ger.
Wow. How do you keep from beating him?
Well, if he doesn't become president he can certainly be the next Captain Obvious.
Ditto. When it's fresh, it's lovely, comforting, warming, and makes everything better. When it's bad, it's disgusting.
Theyre fairly normal I guess. I guess about as big as a thumb nail on average. People probably just see crane flies, aka mosquito hawks, and probably think it's a giant mosquito. Those things are fairly large and look a lot like a mosquito. 
Nic cage probably got at least a million or two, right? Right?
I enjoyed that timeline post that explained all the time travel episodes and dimensional travel in Paul Blart 2. Really cleared some things up.
If you keep your showers ice cold, your body will make up for the carbs by burning fat to raise your core temperature.  Fact. 
Nope. He gave her quite the talking-to, from what I heard, and told her that one more comment would mean she was banned. 
Women are 50% of the population you got a problem with that
I would probably have fun watching Fantastic Four
If someone is a minor and graduating college, I could understand it but we're all adults. It makes no sense. I'd protest that.
My dad said "sex is always the woman's fault" so there was no point in running to him for help when I was repeatedly raped.
People watch "on the next episode" for shows? I hate them
Hey i am definitely not one to care. Shine on you crazy diamond
That 1980 dad bod is hot. That's what dad bods should look like.
Found the fatty. Time for some good old-fashioned banning.
This show seemed great.  I feel guilty because I never watched it - I was looking forward to binge watching it someday.
Sounds like she was believing what the kids told her. It might have been that they incited the whole thing for some attention, or they misheard the man when he said he be done soon.
I thought I invented the name Sylvia.
NOOOOOO!!!!!! Most Southpaws, such as myself, adapt to the rigidity of righty's world.
An ex of mine told me about a girl he dated that had a similar condition, right down to using olive oil. Apparently more common than I realized.
I don't know much about tumblr or what the people of it like but I'm curious what was tumblr pandering? I only saw last season once.  I probably need to watch it again. 
I'd just give em a rage virus. That usually does the trick, no?
Wow. This is such a great ending. Way to communicate!
OSDE te cubre cirugías estéticas (cada 1, 2 o 3 años) pero los planes son bastante caros.
I see what he means though. He was talking about it was within reach but didnt work out. I think bama would have beat oregon if they both play like they played against ohio state. 
I don't know this song, but based on the comments, I'm going to go ahead and keep it that way. I guess I have to say no.
Used to own a cheaper setup. Have a Tesla virtus mech mod that I recently replaced with an ipv mini 2. RDA is a mutation x v3. I love my current setup
My SO and I share a shampoo, conditioner and soap. We don't have anything else in the shower.
no re2pectedit: as in, Mario Chalmers gets no respect from those scrubs he mentioned.  
Happy Early Birthday! There will probably be a GodFest?
So let's flip that around. "I don't like redheads. It's not attractive, plus it's not healthy because they sunburn too easily."  Bet that would be okay to that fucking butter huffer.
I'm so sorry for your loss. I'm glad to hear that there is some good happening. These people are lovely to be helping you out :)
I totally agree. I'd never really watched it until a month ago (I thought it looked dumb when it was first on, WRONG) then I binge watched it. Such a great show, and the music was perfect. 
I think it would be interesting for Steve to invite Thor to church. They both have the really good guy honourable hero feel to them. And Thor is really just an alien right, not really a god?
YES please!! I can't believe they don't already have one.
We've had them a couple times that he (OP) has caught. They're actually pretty yummy. They have a mild "fishy" taste without being overbearing.
New Bronco's RB Frank Gorange  Michael Crabtree to Tampa to for the Crab Brothers  Brandon Marshall to the Cowboys. They'd call him The Sheriff because a Marshall joke would be too easy.  Aldon Smith the the Raiders, he'd be The Saint.
It may take a while to clear. If it has been six months with no sign of it being fixed I think it would be fair to pester the doctor. 
OH MY GOSH. YES. Thank you so much, you have no idea. I've been wondering what that was for about 10 years now. 
C'mon Cardinals, let's get something going here!
Ugh. I have a lot to say about this comment, but I'm tired and I'll reply tomorrow. 
I'm glad i don't have real internet, just phone data, i might've been one of those people
&gt; portuguese speak spanishIT'S IN THE NAME, PEOPLE! 
What'd you do to get banned, not be an asshole?
&gt; dickpig status: maximumNot "DickCon 5"?
Well, the good thing is, now she knows his true colors, and it's best she never entered the conversation. 
Imma just vote for what I have. 
I wanted all the cute things. Got princess vallkitty on my 7th and last roll. Didn't get Putin sadly, but not bad, not bad at all. 
You're brilliant. I'm going to go buy a second potty this week. 
Ditto this. I have two kids that both hope to go to college. I'm banking on getting them each a Kindle or other tablet to save them some money.
Thank you for a helpful answer.  
Wrong. Damn you cheese Danish people! I've had to make this point so often that I feel I need one of those insta GIFS wifi is always robo-posting. 
fuck me that was sadder than anything else I've seen mentioned in this thread.  Jesus why didn't she stick the baby on her boob?!!! stick a finger in his mouth!?!! that was horrifying...
Divorce! That poor man probably gave her everything just to escape...or he is also buried in the basement...
Yeah, her. Never liked her so I guess that's why her name didn't stick. She was uppity and rude and I'm glad she's dead. 
Stop looking at my boobs! Eyes up here, please.
Samsonite! I was way off...Nah sounds like a word that'd be common up in New England but i've never been to the NorthEast of the US
Bush will be competing with Hayne for a roster spot. Hyde, Hunter and Davis will make it. Bush is basically competing for a return man role. 
Why haven't I thought of this before?!
Oh! So is that what she's doing? I thought it was the same as college in the US, my bad. It's kinda like high school, then? That makes it kinda weirder, I thought she was a freshman in uni. Still doesn't make what happened right, though.
I was thinking "who holds a playstation controller without having fingers on the shoulder buttons"
GET OVER HERE. So I can queef on you.
I have the ability to love everyone. 
Spend time with them and allow others to, as well. Their life is almost over, let them know it is special. As far as grieving, don't ignore the process, but do it in your own way. 
Sex. I can get lost in my thoughts, thinking about sex I've had, or wanted to have.
But they have a solid financial plan: Have a truck load of kids, and say God told you to do it, then get your own reality show.
The Rock and Bad Boys are still awesome moviesAnd i liked The Island, too.
Fuji kahuna, Nana berry, and breakfast. 6mg. Ty!
Oh wow, that was adorable. Thank you, I needed that! :D
Physically, emotionally and even partly biologically I am a completely different person.
It's annoying... When I don't have my purse on me I stuff things in my bra lol 
You are nicodemia.  She married nicodemia, the whole person.  Femme is part of who you are... and so is the tomboy side.  Definitely talk to her about how you do flow back and forth from time to time so she won't be alarmed.  Good luck.
I'm a mom. We're stronger than you think. Most of us older generation have also experienced sexual assault. Your mother is there to help you. 
We have been trying to get our Blue to roll over. He just doesn't like the feeling, I suppose.
Sorry this is like two weeks old but I just got caught up. Are Quicksilver and Scarlet Witch really Hydra creations? And they're twins? (Not much of a comic buff, sorry)
Also, the Guard may hand out boxes of them after a natural disaster. We had a bunch for awhile. But the "excitement" of getting some was just a bit dampened by the 4 feet of water in our house.
#NO. Kennedy + Ginger = Kenn-ger. Also, Ginger + Kennedy = Ging-Eddy?
I don't understand how you lost 5 bundles. Unless you mean in real life. 
The sizing is totally fucked up. I'm an XS in Reebok and Old Navy, and XS Fabletics still fits me fine in bottoms, but the tops are totally fucked. The last tank I ordered in XS fit more like a medium.
Holy shit. 7 hours of straight sleep sounds epic. 
Haha! Yeah I know, picking your battles is so so essential. 
I keep one in my purse and a large one in the car. Can never have too many!
Thanks! (Just saw your edit).  Let me see what she says today, if anything. If I don't hear by, say 2 pm, I'll email her and let her know more action is being taken if I don't hear something by 5 PM 
Also crazy coupon promotions would be good, too, something where you earn gift cards back (like at Target) but your out of pocket is low, earning a nice profit with each transaction.
[What's the difference](http://www.swagbucks.com/?f=51&amp;t=w&amp;p=1&amp;q=aditude)? 
Haha ive never seen that but it takes what i said and puts it way better. 
Oh shit, my bad. I was just browsing /r/all. Didnt realize i was in /r/teenagers
This is really creepy. They left the door unlocked so I believe they were there on purpose waiting for someone alone to come in. 
What are we supposed to fing with fingers and what exactly is finging anyway. 
I think there's a few! I'm about 45 min away in kitchener waterloo but close enough!
read what, learn what, live what?
Hahaha! "Did I lose my bladder control for this?"
Hello, I am Mr. Gentleman. Huzzah to meet you! Would you kindly pass the caviar and ketchup? 
It's like wedding invitations for your graduation 
You're under estimating how many people world wide want to live here. You build a million houses, there are easily 100 million who can still out-bid locals. 
I think you need to boot him out. 
Until she gets pregnant and you feel like you have to stay with her in order to see your kids? Or that could just be the norm in my shitty town.
Because I have no idea what that says.
Someone's been in here and downvoting. Hi, fatty!
Ok, neither of those bods are hot. One on the left needs a little muscle.That said, I'm so glad to see backlash. Now we just need more HAES backlash, instead of Tess Fucking Monster on the cover of People.
I guess, I mean... A Vikings fan would think that was impressive lol
Ahaha, oh my god.  When is city dog's? 
Good news! My shitlord husband and I, along with our mini-shitlord and mini-shitlady, will be in Houston to bring down the average weight later this year. 
I do basically the opposite of a speed run when I play mgs3. I crawl everywhere and tranq the bosses
Way better looking than Taco Bell nachos. 
Michelle has that mom look like 'girl, if you were my kid, i would tan that hind end for you...'
I grew up on a farm.  We always left hay out on Christmas Eve for the reindeer as children.  I was in college before I realized that this was not something all kids did.  I felt stupid for never even realizing most kids would not have hay on hand.
He wasn't her boyfriend.  He was a waiter she knew from a restaurant she frequented who was returning a pair of glasses her mother left at the restaurant.
I once went off on someone on the commuter rail who sat half of her lard in my lap. "You owe me for half my ticket, dammit, and you know what? It would do you some good to stand and burn some calories."
Interesting idea, but don't most poor people rent?
/u/doubledickdude has two dicks bigger than mine
Funny how that guy went from JAG officer to auctioneer in five seconds flat.
The guy that plays Cain is the same guy that plays Detective Lassiter on Psych.I miss Chuck. I hope they bring him back to the show at some point. 
You mean you don't like being crushed if she tries to climb on top, or having to push her FUPA out of the way, or rolling her in flour to find the wet spot? Shocking! Guys like athletic sex. Wow. News flash.
I keep see them liken it to heroin and all I can think is "Wow. If this is like heroin then heroin must be a lot milder than I thought because it's really no big deal."
She's attractive in a weird sort of way. But i've liked her in everything i've seen her in
Everyone says that there are better kbbq places up there, but I like Honey Pig's more casual atmosphere.   Plus they play kpop videos on the tvs. :3 
I bet they run through the streets, winking at freaks. With a 2-liter stuck in their butt cheeks. 
It is a streaming service from Fox Sports.  It is an app so you can see games on your smart phone or ipad.  Some people like it but I haven't had a lot of success with it. 
omg noooo... armadillos are so annoying for your yard but they're so cute T___T
I don't usually cook for hangovers. Checker's used to be my go-to hangover food. Someone would go and just get a bag full of burgers and we'd eat them slowly all day. Worked great.
My SO is like that always, but he checked with me before our first date if I was okay with it. I really like it.
I've suspected that, too. I keep asking him if that's what he's worried about, and he's like, "Nope." Not that I expect him to tell me outright, but I am trying to let him know I do suspect this.
Reading, working out, washing dishes, and sometimes just watching funny YouTube videos. 
So true. Although I did want this $1000 Kirby that i wouldn't complain if I got. Any ther model though and I hear Ya! 
Why even vaccinate against scarabs? When was the last time you even saw a scarab? All it's going to do is introduce health risks towards your kids.
Yeah, but you're taken.  Cousin maybe?  LOL
Yes, I'm under 5K and thanks for explaining this for everyone.  My only question though, is would I be able to do this in my home state?
No.. I don't get it. Put on your big girl pants and just tell them.
I had a Rottweiler that would let my then boyfriend's 3 year old son *stomp* on her ears and tail, try to ride her like a horse, etc. Probably because he shared all of his food with her, lol.
&gt;99 stamina one drop.that's disgusting. 
Hmmmm I don't have Yamato Takeru. Let me see if I have another fast fire orb changer handy. 
I actually found it really useful to read for just how to play LMeta in general It's a whole different approach to playing that I'm not used to. But yes I can see why I would have confused someone haha sorry
And yet these people are still playing. If a free to download game is terrible, just delete it and move on. :/ Such is the marvellous time we live in. 
Since my husband is still much in, my almost 13 year old is, because of me, is getting quietly shunned by the kids she's known since birth and even cousins, I don't think she even knows it's happening. How do I explain this to her? 
I wonder if the farmer may be suffering from CO poisoning.
You look absolutely healthy and lovely! Congrats. :-) Fiber has been of huge importance in my own weight loss as well, and so has liking myself. 
Bill Paxton is my spirit animal.
It was the tight clothes they had her in and the long hair. Since then she's had kinda bland unsexy clothes and the super short hair that I felt really nerfed her look. 
I said I did this on a thread and no one believed me that that was possible. 
Holy fuck, dude! I usually say therapy, but do what you have to. Before you go, take some time to do some solitary hiking. Check out the beautiful scenery. It would suck to leave this life and have to say you never bothered to see the sites.
Do you like  it? Do you miss any of the off-road rugged sportiness of it? It looks really nice.
I took a poll online years ago somewhere that showed you different pictures and you had to guess. It was pretty derogatory and I was awful at it apparently.To my knowledge, nothing tasteful has been made.
Most women I know are against abortion :/ Had to hide plenty of people on FB because they kept sharing anti-abortion sutff.
You would if the damn thing didn't work for shit. I clean mine all the time and still hate it. The only reason I have it is because my husband had it before we were married.
If only my mom knew this when pregnant for me.
Oh my god. That's just an awful combination. I'm going to be spending it working a 12 hour day with kids who aren't mine, and not getting even a card from my son's dad - who is taking his new wife away for the week. Let's drink together in spirit. 
I remember being back in the US for a few weeks when one day I just didn't poop like 6 times. But it took weeks. 
I'm verified. I run sub-2 hour half marathons and lift weights.
For awhile, yes, I became very outgoing. But then I lost my job and all of my friends with it.
He loves me. He just has trouble admitting when he's wrong lol
Under my girls' chairs are the cleanest areas in our house.
Exactly, if he was in any discomfort he would be flipping out. Little dogs especially let you know if they're unhappy with something. 
My son is half white half salvadoran, now I'm hoping the salvadoran side wins and he'll be able to dance. 
I think it is worth trying IMHO. I had to have one reinstalled as it were. If I was hiding it from my folks I would say I had an irregular pap and need to go get it done again. 
I now want a shirt that says: Egregious Kittens
I liked that movie. Marion Cotillard is off the chain
What? Vaccines are excellent. They are so necessary. 
Fabletics gave into that, too - they made their XXS and XS sizes 1/2 inch larger.
This comment is great because I too lived near PCH and golden west so the visuals were all the more vivid. 
Not a MFP user, or a juice drinker, but I eat copious amounts of fruit. And grains and nuts. I might be a hamster. 
Lol, best player in the world?  Nice layup bro
[Ship of Theseus](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ship_of_Theseus)
Rub some dirt on it, sissy boy.
LMAO. No. She just enjoys the act of choosing, buying, applying, and perfecting her makeup just like an artist loves applying paint to a canvas. Makeup isn't indicative of low self esteem or mental illness. Give me a break. 
Maggie definitely did look better on the road than she did at the town. Maybe it was a wardrobe thing
Nah, you're reaching.  Not everything has to be a callback you know
"C'Mon guys, at least she's not fat AND a liar"That guy needs to fuck right off with that shit.
youre so wrong... After 3 years my skin is made out of an entirely different material. I feel like I'm made of silk and no I don't moisturize daily or even weekly.
Nuts, nut butters, avocados, beans and lentils all have lots of potassium too. 
Yeah it has to be done guilt free. :/ I mean, eating disorders are mental illnesses with physical consequences. 
I think he was the walking definition of "fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice..."
I remember everyone talking like that in high school. 
Ever had one before? Puppies are a lot of work and some people get frustrated, but it's worth it once theyre trained up a bit
Permanent artwork in the air. You could fire all sorts of bullets and create something beautiful, like an air tattoo. Probably not the most important use, but it would still be awesome :)
Who the hell fills the cap? I go maybe halfway and that's probably more than enough. 
I never saw this. Do you have a link to t? Sounds hilarious. 
Awesome man, i didnt know about that. Makes sense!
I knit or do another craft, I then re-read another book that I've loved in the past... kind of like going and chatting with an old friend when a relationship ends.
Lesson: call the police. Call the media the very next second after. 
I spent most of my time becoming frum trying to prove the existence of God. I strongly believe it can't be done, but you could try :) And what is the source for tznius? 
I'd probably recommend keeping it that way. I mean I love it and couldn't leave but it's hard, dirty work, hated by the media, and too many low price years.  
Shirtless ramsay can take on multiple ironborn
Excellent points. I will need to remember the three legged stool. So true.
My friend's father was from Manchester, it took a year before I could understand a word he said, and I grew up living in a foreign country so I'm pretty good with accents. Not sexy at all lol
That I'm a mom. I'm only 20 and if I'm not with her, people would have no idea that I had a child.
A fabulously awesome place that may, or may not exist.
I had many, many invisible friends when I was a child. Unfortunately, some weren't very nice to me. There were a lot of arguments. It was very difficult at times.
But it doesn't really come from both of them. I understand some married couples pool their finances jointly, but there's no reason he should ask her to contribute to that or that she shouldn't ask not to. She's not being forced to do anything.
Is it mongoose, mongooses or mongeese when there are more than one? I always say mongeese but I'm almost positive that is wtong. But it is fun to say.
I take 5... Tell him you're trans*?
I have a relative that was in a relationship at 14 with a 24 year old.  They were discovered, parted and are now older and back together.  This chick may be here for the long haul.
On his way to quite the dad bod. 
LOLOL.  I had a dream one night they denied everything.  I like your dream better.
I often bought kids clothes second hand. You would be shocked at how fast they grow out of stuff. There were things that didn't have a chance to even look used if I bought them new.
Mine has it in for errant legos.
Brian Boyle's faceoffs give me hard ons
Not for me.  My gaydar is utterly broken.
It would have been a lot better had I seen the Aromaleigh email in time to get the Anthousai collection on sale! 
Slow week but it's Friday so I'm hoping for some sales today. I currently have a lot of Beyblades going for around $40 on ebay and I paid $2. I have another bag ready to list. Who knew these things were still popular?
Probably surgery to either close the vaginal entrance a bit, or repair the hymen.
My dad had the 8 track.  It was a prized possession of his until the thing finally quit on him.
Such high hopes. It was bad. Really bad. 
What y'all said. That and this has been my biggest source of Christian jokes. 
Sad thing is I know some kids with lakeside chest pieces.
Well, it's only that way in a handful countries. Since /u/Lis_9 is venezuelan, you can't really do d) there (you can't make up a new last name for your child) and I'm not sure about a). In my country (Argentina) you can't even change your name.
Dude he's Crash Override, the baddest dude on the planet.
I haven't put it together yet but all the minifigures are there, the instructions and an unused sticker sheet. There's even whatever they used as a sorting tray! I thought for sure the minifigs wouldn't be there but I really lucked out.
No cavities *ever*, I'm extremely flexible, and I have a bubble butt (without the need to work out for it). It's something that runs in my family - literally every woman from my mom's side has those three things.
This. Get angry back. He scared you and ruined your evening. You can't trust him to drink. 
I think i don't like auburn at all. Gus is alright though
My takeaway from this is not about cancer or death.   It's friendship.   I hope to have a friend like Dane and be a friend like Dane. 
Or "oh god what's wrong with it? Please go get it checked. I don't think they're supposed to look like that".
Let's just say 16 or so? We were both idiots.  As we both got older, his lexicon never really improved lol
Oh wow I forgot about those drinks! Fat hand has tainted my childhood memory :(
And a vagina that doesn't repel sex partners because it is literally full of shit.
Be glad you dodged that bullet.
That's just the thing...he looked maybe 35 or 40.  My first thought was that this was some shopper's husband and he mistook me for his wife, but then he glared at me and said "Figures!" when he walked off.  
Pretty much how I see things.  However, I do complain sometimes, because I'm human. You have no idea how much it irritates people when I become less stressed in stressful situations. So much fun.    
Don't put words in my mouth, please. I said no such thing, nor insinuated it. 
you're not using enough makeup [look how i did it](https://imgur.com/L63nkr3)
Holy shit this is exactly something my husband would do and this would have been my EXACT response. Do not fuck with the plants!! 
Maybe the one end links to another butt plug like an ass-to-ass bff necklace
Or God just didnt like her anyway
Just start with "hi" or "hello". If we like each other, the rest will take care of itself. Relax already.
That just happened to me. My son does not get much screen time at all but I let him eat watch the wiggles when we drive to visit family each week. Went 9 GB over my data package. Now I'm shopping for a car DVD player. 
and you can make the words as large as you need them.
The Kardashians are horrible people, but marketing geniuses.
have my husband eat a raisin. He hates them but we'd half the money. So, I think he'd do it.
Man two weeks ago I would have made bank with this guy. 
Yep, it doesn't work out very well.
Oh! I've never been in a unisex bathroom. It's just weird to me to think that a guy will have his junk there in a urinal when ladies can pass by and take a peek haha
Idk but the 100 meters away weren't good enough derections. 
Which people? Most people couldnt tell you who directed either. 
No, it's actually really good. I can't eat much rich foods but love some sour cream eggs. But I usually just whip a blob of it in while whipping the eggs.
Fair question. If he has a passion, follow it. If he does not, don't go into debt for stuff. 
I dated a Pisces once and he was just far too clingy, no offense. May not be true for all Pisces. 
That looks absolutely adorable! I must see if they have it for the kindle.
What does Tom day/do when they violate your privacy like that?
No. You can always tell who the LSU fans are. The amount of purple and gold one person can wear at one time is amazing.
We just spray sevin on them if they start to  look bug eaten.  Rarely have issues with tomatoes though.  My potatoes get hit a bit harder.
I've never seen a washer with temperature settings other than the water temperature.  I have a choice of hot water, warm water, and cold water.  I use hot.  The dryer has temperature settings though.
Trans basically means transgender... It's often written as "trans*"... The asterisk is replaced by a specific.. Ie: woman, man, gender, sexual, ect 
The longer you wait, the harder it gets to turn it around. 
No idea about the illness.But it's always hard when little one is sick. :( Second opinion?
Will hot water get cat pee out?  My sister's cat decided to use a pair of my pants as a litter box this winter.  I washed them, but they still stink. So now I have a pair of pants I can't wear cuz of stinky cat pee :(
US vs the world my neighbour. :) both are correct
My son used to do this when he was around 3 or 4 months, it used to scare us, too. He grew out of it though, as I'm sure all kids do. No harm done!
Cost me one stone. :( But it's done! And I have 9 additional chasers that I might be able to use IF I pull MeiMei in PCGF. 
hey i sent them invites. IGN also Chocobean. if they dont see me i have probably messed up typing in 9 numbers please let me know. Also if they don't like my leads or won't use also let me know...thanks =3 
....... I actually don't hate this *sigh*
They can be fixed!  We sent ours in to a repair company for $5 a disc.  I found them by googling.  I buy the games online now because my kids wreck everything.
The only one I would consider is glitter.  Not the gross stuff.  Whoever opens those boxes didn't make the rules/non rules that's screwing us.  But the glitterbomb is just irresistible.
I did that for the first 12 or so undervalued gcs that I initially received.  I think they were all compiled and sent to the same person(s).
I didnt get one until that purple controller package came out. That was a couple years i think of in store demos and going to friends' houses when i could. Best christmas ever. I got a 64 and my brother got a playstation
Of course I'm not wrong! Using the BITE model (Better Ingredients Taste Exquisite) proves my point. ; )
I want to get this, but I haven't been able to find OB/GYNs who know about it in my country :/ I hope that I will be able to once I get a good health insurance.
My SO does this and I had no idea it had a name!  I have to be careful where his hands are on me when he's falling asleep because he'll squeeze me really hard. 
My son hid from a tiny little 5 lb yorkie on Friday! We have a 60 lb pitbull cross at home. 
Makes sense. I've had to block posts from some people on FB who are obsessed with those belly wrap things that I'm pretty sure is just Saran Wrap. 
Has it confirmed that Jon can warg Ghost in the show yet? I havent watched the whole series in a while
I can skype you and talk too if you want but I'm a wee bit crazy
My stepdad used to say that my mom wasn't his mother so why should he do anything for her on Mother's Day? I'm so glad she finally divorced that jerk!
What do they taste like? I've never had them, but I imagine they're a lot like sardines. 
&gt;“I have no idea what feminism is”. &gt;Go to your washroom, repeat this 50 times in the mirror. Rinse. Repeat.No, don't! The ghost of Andrea Dworkin will appear behind you!
It's official. CoachingPikachu is my dad. 
I'm a 29 year old single mom. And all I have to say is - YOU CAN DO IT!!! It's hard and exhausting but you will find you have so much more strength than you thought. And you'll probably be so much happier. 
They would be fully justified in kicking the dog hard enough to kill it. There is NO responsibility to allow yourself to be a victim, you act until the threat is over.
I thought fluid. I just visited my uncle on Sunday and his feet and legs look almost like that. But then, he's running at about 15% liver function too. The rest of him looks like branches wearing clothes.
There's nothing worse than bragging half-assed crossfitters. They're the equivalent to the bag-phone having yuppies of the 80s.
Oh my God, I just sent her a message after she sent me some bullshit and I basically called her out for lying and she sent back the most condescending shit I've ever seen in my life. I'm so glad I didn't get involved in this mess.
One of my friends hasn't vaccinated her daughter. It actually scares me. Especially because I have a toddler. 
if dads could stop being creepily involved in their daughters' sex lives, that'd be great    YOU BETTER NOT FULFILL THAT BASIC HUMAN NEED YOU HEAR ME, I WAS A HORRIBLE PERSON TO GIRLS AT YOUR AGE!!
&gt; Sarah says "yeah, all the guys who seem interested in me are weirdos and losers".Really? Perhaps it is time to look at the common denominator. 
Food processors not farmers.  Bakers, meat packers etc were adding non food.  Not farmers.
OP is a member of the Andorran Ministry of Propaganda
Stay healthy guys. One can always reach out anonymously. There may be a lot of you among us. 
The lyrics are sickening. Where's the part where she mentions what she's bringing to the relationship?
Obviously from my previous comment I am aware of that. But why the fuck even have it if people are getting ticketed for using it for just that reason? 
If you have the energy to get through it on an empty stomach then there is no harm. If not, a small serving of something carby will help. 
The game is called NekoAtsume. You have a backyard. You leave out food and a toy. Cats may or may not come. It's a game you have to turn off to "play". Basically it's a lava lamp. With cats. 
That is seriously rude. What a bitch. Do not let her lack of social graces make you feel embarrassed. She should be the one cringing in hindsight, not you. 
Pretty much any remix of the "[Eat Da Poo Poo](https://youtu.be/Deq0qOfRNC0)" video.This remix is my favorite. [DJ Horsey Horse BOOM BOOM remix](https://youtu.be/J1X7I1YJwqk)
I'm going to show this to my sister.  She has had tooth pain for months now, but doesn't want to pay to get it looked at. Maybe if I convince her that her skull will die, she'll go to the damn dentist.
&gt;  (UNLESS that he really isn't worried about you leaving and it's instead something else. This is always a possibility.)Possibly. His parents are both in the medical field, so it might be a medical concern.
Ive heard it's actually the noodles that have the sodium
I'm half Mexican with some Filipino and Native American Indian and just a tad Irish and French. People assume I'm Mexican or Italian. 
My husband swears by store-brand Mountain Dew knock offs.
You've defeated me, I'd love a vacation! Where ya planning on?
You look great. I mean for a cow.. Health at every size! 
Have they disapproved from the beginning? 
Them are some banana hands. I bet he could palm a bowling ball.
Maybe both their daughters weren't diagnosed before the 3rd was born? 
Ouch - hope she gets better soon.
Everyone is gonna be so pissed when we're traveling the stars with space jesus and everyone else is left behind because they didnt believe in aliens. 
When I was a kid in the 60s, we had something like this - you put it on a stove burner, turned the burner on and did one side at a time. Ours was not as fancy as this one, though!
Well your coach is a nutbar so you got that goin for ya
Every dude who eats bagel bites with ranch dressing, is now retching for their life with tears in their eyes. 
#HAAA! I'm sorry that was funny!
I've thought of doing the same thing as well.... :/ Maybe after PCGF? 
Does he have rabies and can smell when women are on their periods? He may be Buster Casey. 
Yup! In movies/TV shows/etc, "te quiero" is always translated as "I love you", but it definitely doesn't mean that, "te amo" does. But "te quiero" doesn't really mean "I like you" either - that's "me gustas". It just has no translation!
Why? A lot of my cats like that thing. They have a lot of different ways to play with it and its great for photo ops
I....cannot.....stop....laughing. 
&gt; Ugly AmericansI loved this show! The demon chick was funny as hell....Callie! Mark, not so much.
That would be totally surreal to wake up almost two months later. At least all the hard work of losing 60lb already happened, that's a pretty good reset button of turning your life around
You're not wrong. This is one of the reasons I hate politics, period. They're all so interested in maintaining an image, but it's all a lie. Their motivations for doing things are lies. Hate it.
So cool! I don't own a single iDevice but thank you for sharing. Please let me know if you ever make an Android port:D
They do make a sailor moon one, I would buy it.  No shame.
When you tie or take the lead, then shut the other team down in the following inning. Serves to maintain momentum for your team.
I don't know but we're all still alive, so it's probably not too dangerous. :-)
I thought you'd be into texts about your shapely cerebellum and swollen medulla oblongata. 
Yes it is. That is why my own children will not be exposed to him. I'm going to do the protecting my own mother was too blind to do. 
I want to be the minorityDown with your fatass majority'Cause I want to be the minority
I feel there is more to this story?
Ive know too many people with dogs named Belle for that ever to be an option for me
I totally walked around my domicile shouting "BITCH!" Pinkman style for a good 5 minutes. Okay maybe not shout. Definitely super happy though. So glad I insisted on zero stoning. 
If you love your body, you don't cram it full of crap.
They forgot to hyphenate Spider-man. How embarrassing. 
I actually am just thrilled that GSUSA is allowing any child who identifies as female to be involved. What an excellent step towards equality and understanding!
But yup, fat girls have huge boobs... Her areolas are bigger than my boobs srsly
Back tits at Wal-mart. I'm so not surprised. 
You are pretty much THE best friend. Keep being you
Congratulations!!!  I wish you the best. Now you can work on your healing on your terms. Good luck. And keep us updated, we care about you. 
Hahahaha!!!Fat people don't need help, the need to stop eating so much! It really is that simple.
Work the pounds away with strenuous exercise!
&gt;obesity—a terrible word, by the way, because it’s patronizingly clinical, and only used by doctors or non-fat people intent on making fat people feel terrible about themselvesCareful. Using medical terminology might hurt their fee-fees.
You can support LGBT rights and still be part of the Catholic church. It's very similar in my country - same-sex marriage is legal, sex-change surgery and hormonal therapy are legal rights and free. Yet the country is Catholic by a big majority.
Nah it's French or Italian. If he is really good he might get some Greek. 
I am 5'2" currently 158 lbs and I eat around 2000 a day. I am still losing weight. 
a guy i went to school with was on 'my strange addiction' and had a physical and emotional relationship with his car...  the kid was always a bit off base but hey, he seems happy with his car!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OwoSt5gtOsM
Cat door maybe? Sorry your roommate is an arse. 
This site has some more info. https://www.intuitiveeating.com/content/what-intuitive-eating
Judging by your post about thigh gaps, you are not done, you are not healthy, and you need help. 
Looks like we need to host a few more cartoon contests.
Oooh man, what do you even say in that situation? You probably made him real uncomfortable
If I don't have anything to read on the toilet, I pass the time by deleting old texts out of my phone. Then play Bejeweled.
Lol. Yup. Good thing I got pregnant or I'd still be there ;)
You've got today and you can always make a change. Hugs to you!
It's probably beneath him. Think about the character of a person that would hold people hostage.
I was a pharmacy tech and worked under several pharmacists.  Some of them wanted addicts to have clean access to needles for public health issues.  Some of them did not because they did not want addicts coming around in ever increasing numbers.
Is this......freely available? I will look for it. Surely they cut out barrel surfing?
Online is my favorite easy to shop! 
this very thing is what delayed me in finding TTATT. 
TP was probably darker than WW, but WW definitely seemed more sinister to me 
I was just sharing a room in the hospital with a woman who wished she had gotten one of those. She fell and was on the floor unable to get up for three days as well until her kid came over and found her. 
So... shy people can't be witty or intelligent?
Well did you install a profile for it?
Do you track your weight on a graph? If not, start doing that. You'll be able to see trends very easily, and the day to day fluctuations don't look like a big deal compared to your overall progress. 
Yeah, I guess it will. My body is just weird. Hell, I gained 40 lbs with my first pregnancy and still none of it went to my butt. It's actually not that funny because I have so little padding back there it can be painful to sit down.
We do actually have Vampire, Werewolf and Konnyaku in the game too. 
As a single mom living on a pretty shitty salary and definitely in the "poor" category - holy fuck I want to beat this woman. 
I've had it happen twice! It's so frustrating because then you have to have them so often. 
It wasn't bad at all! Uncomfortable but not awful. Only bad pain was right on the inside of the labia and it was quick and sharp. They put lotion and everything on after too. Also not awkward either, the lady who did mine was very professional. 
I'm jealous. At this point, if I found one, I may just keep it.
As a mom, I really like when theatres have parent and infant screenings. That way I could see a movie without finding a sitter, but didn't have to worry about bothering others. Cause it's just rude to take a baby to a movie!
Why do they call you shit_whistle?
You could try [Swagbucks](/www.swagbucks.com/refer/AtlanticVamp). It's pretty simple, and you have a wide variety of things you can do on it. It can even be done from your smartphone. Good luck!
Rage Against the Machine was perfect for the music too
I disagree with that. I don't think that it was an arthouse movie to show us his soul at all. It was a dark comedy if anything. 
I liked the comparison to the main "bad guy" and the devil. 
I liked that girl, got a nice voice
Most dealerships have told me to stop tasting the cars. Can I come buy from you?
It is nice isn't it?  We can say anything here and not worry about nasty repercussions. Since finding RBN, I'm here every day. It's so affirming. Good luck to you!
Either Gin and tonic or Gin martinis...but the gin will be enjoyed!
I was pregnant and found it creepy. Especially feeling the baby move and stretch. It was so... unnatural and foreign feeling. 
To every bird he meets, he stays a stranger!!
Straight up say no. When you're going to the delivery room, they like the least amount of people possible. Warn a nurse ahead of time. She'll keep them out.
Sorry darling you need to break up with this guy or get him into therapy stat! 
Yay that's awesome!!! Good for them!
Victoria Maria Elena flows nice as does Victoria Maricela Elizabeth. 
Got em!  Officially going to have a super rad summer. 
Yes, very differently. I'm still losing weight but am at a more socially acceptable size, and don't have much left to go. Most of the difference I've noticed has been in regards to medical care. And some difference in terms of customer service. 
Welcome!  Too bad you need to be here but we are all here for you. It's a wonderful place, come on in…
The satire has reached critical mass!
Fuck off with your overtly fake troll account.
Geminis would never coerce you into breaking the law. But they might frame you for something they did. 
There's nothing inherently wrong with being a womanizer; have as much consensual sex as you want! The ideal of equality extends beyond the bedroom or relationship.
The thrill must have been terrifying. 
Eh, mine changes daily.  Purple, Yellow, Red, Green... but I only had two accounts so I can't grab them all.
It sucks because she has such a lovely singing voice and we got that mess.
I seriously am pretty disgusted.  I am no prude but gross.  BUT "exhaust all resources" ? That seems a little much.
It's not attitude. I am just ...matronly. I get hit on by old men who like to tell me suave things like, "I bet you can cook!" I can fuck like there's no tomorrow, but I *look* like someone's mother, and they let me know it.
