I'm a dad. It could happen to you.
Fuck this dadbod movement. I'm a dad and I won't be caught dead looking like that.
I like it. I'm a dad, and I wear polos. Looks like a good fit for me ;-)
Meh, who gives a shit? I'm a dad, if my kids did that then I would just assume they were doing something better than hanging around me.
I'm a dad... I'm not making this a thing.  Ever.

If my wife adopted this line of thinking I'd stop giving her attention.
I'm a dad and I read The Road when my son was 3.  I think I might have traumatized him with 7 hours of hugs and kisses when I finished that book.
Never be sorry for questions.  
I'm a dad anyway, so [I can handle it](http://i.imgur.com/wVrgmIo.gif). 

This is what I used last time I stripped something  
http://i.imgur.com/htXlLej.jpg

Jesus I thought you just wanted to punish then, not tell them a dad joke so bad they die in front of your eyes.
Oh god that's cute! I can't wait until I'm a dad
Play him some Royal Blood or Black Keys. Also perhaps the Decemberists.

I'm a dad with serious classic rock roots. Though I never stopped looking for and enjoying new bands, those are some bands I play for my dadrock-obsessed friends.
Which is really sad. I'm a dad and I hate it when people think women have some magical parent powers that men don't.
I'm a dad. I have a 6 year old. All i ask is that he spends the day with me on fathers day. I dont have physical custody,  so to me its a big deal. 
I'm a dad and will be 40 this year.  Does that count?
Also, kids are made from rubber, and can take one hell of a beating.

Source: am a dad that has seen my two boys play.
Now that I'm a dad all the damn time......
I would never in a million years bring a baby to a movie theatre. (Source:I'm a dad) If you want to see a film that bad find a babysitter for the 3 hours you will be gone or.. Hmmmm...let's see check your maturity level and wait for it to rent or buy.
Here, have an up vote for I am a dad and I recognize that thing you did there.
I'm a dad with 3 girls, 1 boy. There's insanity, stress, and anyone that tells you kids are great is lying. I love my kids, but don't have them. They'll take your soul and all of your disposable income.

Yea I'm a dad and seeing him slide down a rail over stairs with her made my skin crawl. Very cool and I'm sure that little girl loved it but it's an unnecessary risk if you ask me. 
Its actually super complex, but they only used white ink when they printed it. 

Source: I'm a dad. 
I'm a dad.  I knew *immediately* what was going to happen.  I got nauseous within the first *half-second* of this clip.
I got a dirty look from a dad for shushing his 8yo son during ASM 2. He's freakin' eight years old, he should know how to shut his mouth.
When I'm a dad I want to have the heart of Stannis Baratheon and the complete gooberness of Mace Tyrell
I'm sorry about your Neice. I'm a dad of two little ones. I can't imagine what your brother/sister is going through. 
It's because we just want the kids to go to bed and the wife to give us the sex.

Source: Am a dad, want the sex.
Man, I'm a dad and a lot of my friends are dads too. We're getting to the age when our kids are aware, but still can't spell, ie toddlers. When we spell things out, I always say SEX CAULDRON???!! 
If it is someone else's, I do.

If it is mine, I do. 

I am a dad.
I'm a dad... Black tank top, khaki shorts, black flip flops and sunglasses... Close enough. I did grill though.
I'm a dad and former teen.  Can confirm.  
Just wanted to say I'm a dad and I love NIN too! Trained my 2yo to say Yeah Nine Inch Nails! every time Pandora plays them. 
Really glad you made the trip. I'm a dad of daughters, and I hope when we hit this age they'll still want to take a trip to WDW with me.
I'm a dad. 

6'1, 170 lbs. 

No beer belly here. I can tell you 100% that fat girls like dad bods the way undocumented immigrants love rusted pickup trucks. 

If they could do better, they would. 
No worries, I too am a dad and husband. You on PS4?
**Nah** but when I'm a dad I'm gonna be sik ass 90s boy dad and embarrass my children with kool dad jokes. 
I have no idea, but it's the first thing that came to mind. Yes, I'm a dad. I'm trapped in Nick Jr. (Please send help.)
It's also possible that the grandparents are happy as they are and don't want any intrusion, let alone from a dad who will hardly be around. No offense to army guy.
checks out, source; am a daddy. 
I'm a dad, can testify. Our dicks are huge.
At this point, yes. I mean I work for a small company and have been there longer than most people. A lot of my coworkers are right around my age... And since I'm a dad now, I don't really have much of a social life outside of work.
I have to prove to my lover-sister that I am a dad and a good one, too!

Pretty sad, when you think on it. 
Listen to the wife. 
edit: I'm a dad to 3
I'm a dad. Does that mean I have a dad bod Greg? 
I'm a dad and Yoko Ono is my favorite artist.

Dadrock masterrace.
Can confirm. Especially boys.
Source: am a dad and uncle, previously a baby specifically a boy did a lot of bouncing.
His last Comedy special was I have a daughter. Let me tell you about my kid. I'm a dad. Did you know I'm a parent? Having kids is tough. I'm a dad. I have a daughter

I think he tossed like 2 jokes into an hour long bit
No. When I am a dad, my fit shitlord body will be a Dad Bod. Dad bod is a fit guy in his 30s-40s who looks like he has his shit together. What's next, is  MILF going to mean a Mom Is Looking Fatasfuck? 
&gt; Tucked in is I'm a dad and don't care what I'm wearing as long as it covers my body.

. . . and makes me look like I still care about basic rules of fashion and dignity. 

Finished that for you
thanks, ill be doing it all wrong this time, so i have to go back to earth and all the planets that i just passed?? thanks for your time and info!!! actually im a dad and i dunno much of this things lol but had a blast with my kids playing!!!!
I'm a dad as well and started losing weight when my daughter was born. Seems weird that I want to be there for her but I was just killing my body with food. Just started eating less. Gym had nothing to do with it.
It would be a pleasure to annihilate these vermin for what they do to females. 


Source: Am a dad of two daughters and husband to a beautiful wife. 
I love how he's just like Yeah, I'm a dad, I understand.
Thank you, you've encouraged me to keep trying. Maybe I just have to wait until I'm a dad for it to work.
Well, I'm a dad, and I hope I'm qualified to answer your mom question. I will not tell my daughter that her mom doesn't like her name.
You made me fall in love with these and which resulted in finding out I am poor after looking at prices of prints. 
Now I am a dad panda. 
As a guy with an awesome 3 year old daughter... I still couldn't agree more. Yes, the awesome part is my opinion. I'm a dad, get over it.
I just now got it. Took me a full minute. And I'm a dad even. :( 

WP OP
You're normal. 

Can confirm. Am a dad. And a crier 
Fan-fucking-tastic. 

That dad should chill the fuck out. 

Source: I'm a dad. 
the guy playing Xbox will be me when I'm a dad... (but it will be a PC)
I'm really sad for you and your dad. I'm a daddy's girl and he taught me not to take shit regardless of their sex. I hope you and your dad can be closer as adults since nameless can be thrown out if he's willing.
I'm a dad, and I have 10% body fat.  That's a proper dad bod that your wife and children will respect.  
I do not wish to participate in the dadbod fad, but since i already have one i am shit out of luck. Essentially, I am a dadbod hipster
i have kids, and this is patently untrue. Women seem to love that i'm a dad.
Holy fuck I'm going to do this when I'm a dad. 
I wouldn't know... I was just making what I guess is a very old joke.  Which is entirely to be expected, because I am a dad.
I'm a dad and I listen to Merzbow. Does that mean Merzbow is dad rock?
I'm in Arkansas, and I'm a dad.
Oh, they are.

Source: Am a dad and went on road trips.
I'm a dad but I'll never tell them that their mother is a cunt, they can figure that out on their own.
What are dad jeans? I'm a dad, I wear jeans... So are all my jeans dad-jeans?
I think you sound wonderful but I wouldn't put your number on here. From a daddy to a little one 😉
I kinda liked it but I am a dad and I already own two montanas.
I am a dad and I wear cargo shorts and polos.
Damn, now i know what to do when I'm a dad if my kid ever fucks up this bad, this shit is great
Can confirm.  I am a dad and all those years of trying to impress friends with one hand catches and trick catches comes in hand.
Yeah. I'm a dad and I hate it when people say I'm baby sitting. They're *my* kids.
Subs this thread... I'm a dad too. This camera experience sucks
Knock knock

Who's there?

Apple

Oh, Hi Apple, come on in!

I'm a dad and like spoiling my young kids' knock knock jokes.
I'm a dad, The sub was made for discussing things, it has devolved into people posting pictures of their kids for easy karma.
ITT: TIL I will get at least two superpowers once I am a dad, super dad reflexes and annoying dad jokes.
Seriously.  Is watching TV all you do with your kid?  A movie should be a treat, not a daily activity.

And yes, I'm a dad and know how hard it is to keep kids interested. 
I'm a dad with two girls and I rarely even let them see me in underwear, let alone naked. I just don't like it. My dad would run around naked in the house *all the time* and it *always* made me uncomfortable. 
Can we not let dadbod be a thing?  I'm a dad of three and my dadbod is never going to cause roll down of underwear.
I'm a dad, the stranger danger thing was replaced, or so I've been told. My daughter was taught in school that strangers are okay if they're mom's. find a mommy and tell her you need help. Because dad's are fucking criminals? 
Maybe when I'm a dad and I wear a cell phone holster. I'm still 28
*I approach because I'm a dad too and I'm now physically incapable of ignoring the presence of a kid.* Heh, havin' there pops?
What system?  I'm a dad and am coming back after a 3 month hiatus. I was a daily player and almost fear I will be again based on how much seems to be added (based in reddit comments). 
I uh am a dad and I have a dad bod, but I cant really leave my chair.  My chair rolls around because I cant walk.
Of course not. But your risk here is really high. Possible legal issues, parents killing you, people destroying property. let alone breaking your parents' trust.

Then again, I'm a dad, so I might tend to err on the cautious side. ;)
And take the definition off their arms and abs. Socks and sandals.

This hurts the most because I'm a dad haha
I'm a dad.  When I want something (and there's money), I buy it.  This spring I bought myself a motorcycle.  I don't really even want to give my money to my wife and kid so they can buy me something I might not even want.
I'm a dad; I'll give you $65. C'mon, man— help me out.
Just call it the Alec Baldwin show for my money. So many good quotes.

&lt;In Jack's whiskey voice&gt;

You see Liz, I'm a bear. And I'm a daddy. I'm a daddy bear.
Whenever I'm a dad and my kid/kids won't go to bed when they're supposed to, I'm totally gonna use this line on them.
I'm a dad, but thanks for the reassurance and encouragement!
A healthy grownup can take being screamed at by their kid. Source: I'm a dad. And knowing the context, a healthy grownup isn't going to take your screaming at them personally, and won't put any guilt on you about it.
I'm so glad someone posted this. I love my son, there's no doubt of that, but I miss being alone with my wife, having spare time to play games, spare money to buy parts for my motorcycle... But hey, I'm a dad now... So.. Ya know... Yay? 
Aha cause he made a pun, and that makes him a dad because literally /r/dadjokes right?
I don't know. He looks underaged to me. I'm 22 and look like I could pass as his dad. Although I am a dad so maybe that effects my view?
Because I am a dad and that's my opinion.
Exactly. The fact that she accepted, kinda proves she wasn't a fit mother. I would die before handing my kids over, and I'm a dad. 
I'm a dad who has priorities and responsibilities and still manages to stay in shape. I like being someone my son can physically respect, and remain attractive for my wife. It's fun being the only ripped guy at PTA meetings. Fuck those lazy fat shits.
Wait. I like drinking. I'm a dad. Eagles are favorite team. Well shit.
I'm a dad, this happened to me with my second kid.  It will get better, or at least it did for me.  My youngest is almost 3, and I've bonded incredibly with them both.  I still get happy to go to work on Monday morning.
That typeface has that Impact on people. 

Yes, I'm a dad. 
Just watch your back for the dad toting a baseball bat and swinging for the fences. (Source: I'm a dad)
I'm a dad...can confirm this sort of thing happens on a near daily basis at my house.   Sometimes you catch them, sometimes you don't.  
Twohundredsixtyfivethousandthreehundredfiftynine times? 
You must have really sticky poo. Ate too much pi, maybe?  
  
(Yes, I'm a dad, ánd I'll see myself out.)
So he wrote this in advance, and still only signed it love dad


Such a dad thing to do.

(source: am a dad)
I am a dad who works. This isnt really a big deal. Once a week I and my toddler go to this little cafe and they give me a large for the same price as a small because they like watching my daughter babble.
Yeah I am a dad of two myself, I am so glad to have moved to Norway!
Im a dad and im the man according to my kids.
Sorry for your loss. I'm a daddy of a 2 1/2 yo and I can't imagine what you went/are going through. I'm glad there is at least a silver lining.
I'm a dad. This just kills me. Call him. 
Saxual Healing

It's ok I'm a dad.
My maternal grandparents (favorite pair) used to live in Baton Rouge and moved at 90 into a home located in Madison, MS.

TLDR; I've experience with both states and both suck the moldy stale sweat from a dad man's ass crack.
I am a dad and love my kids dearly, too. I don't, however, feel this way about them. I do feel this way about my wife though...
I'm sorry about your Neice. I'm a dad of two little ones. I can't imagine what your brother/sister is going through. 
Still dance better than me, but then again I am a dad so can only do the dad shuffle.
No.  I am a dad to teenage daughters.  It would be creepy.
I think it's what's known as a 'thing' of the moment.

I'm a dad and I make shitty jokes like this all the time, just like my dad did and his dad before that. History is filled with dads making crap jokes based on....erm...words?
I'm a dad and still in no way shape or form lol kids always surprise you. Dad instincts however are real! I know from experience 
I feel you.  I used to never cry at things I was supposed to cry at. At most, I got a little misty seeing the end of Les Miserables on stage for the first time.

Now that I'm a dad, I'm a damn lawn sprinkler.
My biggest turnoff is when women call their men daddy. I'm a dad, and that would make me limp so fast
I'm a dad and I'm going to use this
Am a dad, can confirm dad instincts are real
i was pissed that had already traversed the map numerous times, died to wolves, died again to drowners, wasnt saving often enough... and Im a dad with kids, my play time is very limited, that said, I'm watching the cut scenes &amp; listening (for once!)
Thanks for the insight! I just liked the idea of taking a mundane fuck up and making it funny. Also I'm a dad in training.
Hey guy, I'm a dad of three and play same as you, once the house is quiet and everyone's in bed. Add me, currently making my way through far cry4, psn Is: gagnonspecial 
I'll add you.
I want to get group shots earlier before anyone has a chance to drop off, but with everyone preparing to ride I don't want to be annoying like i'm a dad at Disneyland.
I kinda liked it but I am a dad and I already own two montanas.
Is accurate.  Can confirm: am a dad
Awesome man! And congrats on the kid dude! I'm a dad too! Dad's are my favorite gamers! 
I am a dad too. I will keep you in mind if it comes back to me, brother.
Hey, I'm Joshua.

Welcome to the sub! Hope to see you around and get to know you.

I'm a dad. My wife lurks around here sometimes but hasn't been as active lately. Kids are fun though... one of mine is in her Threenager stage. ^Send ^^help
I want an e63 amg wagon when I'm a dad. 
Not to little kids that will beg for anything that is a new Spider-man. Source: I'm a dad^who^also^buys^many^mini-figures.

I get offended, I had a handicapped son that passed away,  retarded is a word people use to make fun of each other by comparing them to my son. How is that not offensive? By the way, Im a dad and I hate soccer.
Tucked in is *I'm a dad and don't care what I'm wearing as long as it covers my body*.
