I just called them a moment ago and the guy said they will NOT do a ticket system, but all the amiibo releasing tomorrow will be behind the counter. 
I gave him a moment to realize. I looked at him, at his hand, and back at him, and when he didn't respond, I *picked* his hand up and moved it away. It was too much. 
It is amazing how moms can turn into kick-ass ninjas when their kids are threatened.  I am a mom &amp; have had to show my not-so-nice side a few times.  Glad you are OK!
I'm a mom w/2 boys raising NASCAR and hockey fans!  Remember to kiss your mamas tomorrow!!! Happy mother's day to all the mothers watching the race tonight!!!

Edit: and kiss your daddys too for helping us raise you! 
I am a mom of two boys. One is 15 and one is 9. I love hiking, camping, fishing, reading, and playing video games. I have 2 cats and a dog. My favorite place to be is the zoo or the aquarium.. uh.. what else do you want to know?

How about you? :)
If Madrid advance I would expect it to be from a moment of Ronaldo or James brilliance, but that does not solve their defensive issues. But  I do agree that whoever advances deserves to face Barca. 
&gt;who really doesn't differ much from a mom and pop operation.

Except the fact that they have to answer to and pay McDonald's.
I'm a mom with a 6 month old who really doesn't want a soccer mom car haha. So I have to find the balance of practical and fun. This will be my actual sleeper mom car. 
I am a mom and I don't think you have done anything wrong. There is definitely something off with your sister,which I'm sure you already know. 
I don't think it releases them. Shows her character though: I'm allowed to steal, cause I'm a mom with a small business.
Well she did say mom of a 10 month old, not I am a mom of a mom of a 10 month old. We know nothing of the poster except that their source for this knowledge is a mom of a 10 month old...
We went out to eat today for my MIL today and my BIL gave me flowers. My first response was, why? Then I remembered I'm a mom too 
I am a mom of 3 who is obsessed with gator football, 4114 is the final score when the Gators won the national championship against Ohio State. It is my go to username for most things. 
next time I visit mom and she tries to make me go to church i'll put Holy Ghost on

And then go to church with her anyway cause it makes her happy and I'm a momma's boy
I'm a mom and my body looks like that! 

MUUAHAHAHA Suck it fatties!!
That's what I was thinking. But I don't want any of that stale stink. I rarely smoke, I'm a mom. Lol. I just need a freakin break.
Rat bites are super serious business. Got a nip right on the end of my finger from a momma rat with some babies in the cage and I learned not to put my fingers near protective momma rats ever again.
Am a mom and a good listener, please PM me anytime you'd like to unload or whatever. I'm here.

All the best to you and your little girl!
I hope you're eating vegetables too. (Sorry, I'm a mom.)
I'm a mom too. I'm so proud of you! well done and my best wishes to you and your family. 
Did they actually give him a moment to speak?
I feel this way, too. I've also gotten snarky comments because I'm a mom, so obviously I'm neglecting my kids to look pretty.  
Welp surgery is scheduled for the 12th. Time to go write my will. :(

Also, I have done all the chores, I used to be a maid, now I am a mom, so thats pretty much the same thing. 
Because if she made it to top 3 and didnt win fans would rage. And I don't think its her season to win. I honestly think its Violet's or even Ginger's. 

I'm a mom lover and hope you're right. But my gut tells me otherwise. 
His name is Danny.  He was named after his mother.

I'm a mom???
Yup, I'm a mom and that's exactly where I go. 
This is what I do. I usually just scoop whatever I think I'll need into one of those little snack bags. But I'm a mom and have a huge purse. I've brought it just that way into music festivals and everything and no one has ever said anything about it.
He's a German Blue. Bought him from a mom and pop LFS last year. He runs the bottom of the tank. 
Meh. I'm a mom. Doesn't freak me out. 
imo the lip kit makes the car transform from a mom car to an aggressive honda 
Definitely this. Never laughed more from a moment on this show.
I'm a mom.

[This is my mum bod.](http://imgur.com/66unFu7) - my tattoo is blurred out.

I'm offended by the term mum bod. 
The boys gotta come out fast today. Don't give them a moment to breath.
I'm a mom that plays with her first grader.   Is this something for us (not being techy) or should I just ignore.
Well, see, I'm a mom like...well, that mom that will bring the potluck to church, but also drinks whiskey over poker, and knows what a Hot Carl is. She's not a cool mom, but she knows what's up.
Didn't say 'im a mom of a 10 month old', so couldve just heard it from someone who was.
I'm in the business of simple solutions...am a mom. Happy to help! Also, I am a fan of your work! 
Homemade fried pickles, even from a mom and pop joint, but certainly not those pre-made drop 'em in a fryer kind.
They decompose over time into dryer lint. 

Am a mom.
I'm a mom. I say clean her house or take her out to dinner.
No, there's really not. He was in obvious distress, just give him a moment.
&gt; Would you say that if a loved male in your life was sexually assaulted?

Probably not, but a fact is a fact. Me probably suffering from a moment of emotional weakness doesn't affect that.
They are trained from birth to use sunscreen.  I'm a mom of three of them and we buy it by the case.
That's not how things happened with AVB. The team was rock solid at the back and goals would only come from a moment of Bale-magic. Not particulary exciting.
I honestly thought he was working up to getting her number. 
I'm a mom of 2 kids
*he won't*
My mom does this all the time. And now that I'm a mom, I do this all the time.
This list is from a mom who just sent her oldest off to college. I need to read this EVERY DAY.
So what if it gets 3 miles to the gallon? I'm a mom, not a conservationist!
Word from a mom whose kid is in one of the pilot divisions is the email access is turned on and off at specific times.  So not anytime.  I can't verify that though, but I'll keep poking around.
I'm a mom with three teenagers - please, please tell her and then talk to the police! Even if something doesn't happen, that's an awful lot to have on your shoulders by yourself.
I'm a mom so when I saw full frontal women and men in front of my daughter who asked if  sex is when privates only touch I didn't really get too much into the storyline
PS.  I forgot to be offended that you assume I'm a Cougar because I'm a mom.  There's lots of young moms :-)  
(Put a serious tag on this.) No worries. They probably don't care. Almost everybody masturbates. I'm a mom, and if my younger one told me they found the older one masturbating, I'd tell them that's private and he shouldn't share that with others.
'Accidentally' step on them, run them over or scratch them. Then by an absolute 'coincidence' have a gift card on you for prescription sunglasses. Don't give him a moment to think, drag him to the shop and get them!:)
I am a mom, wife, (college) student, in that order but I will graduate soon, then what? I have been a mom most of my adult life. I can't sleep most nights and I don't care for coffee. 
Ha!!  Me too!  I've tried several different styles of undies to try to resolve it with no luck.  I feel like it is probably the gym equivalent to mom jeans.  Oh well.  I am a mom :)
most certainly.  i'm a mom, but my kids would be toast without all the child free ladies (and men) who love them so much!
Head boops from my cats, when babies and small children smile or wave at me (I'm a mom, it's not creepy for me to like that), wild bunnies in my yard, seeing kids who obviously dressed themselves.
I am a mom, and I love my kids with all my heart.  But I am not sure how big my heart would be in a case like this...I can forgive a lot, and go forward with life.  But this, I would be tempted to say you made your bed, now lie in it'.
My life goal is to embarrass my daughter (and now her boyfriend too!)  I'm a mom, but her dad is no longer with us.  SOMEONE has to embarrass the kid.
I'm a mom. I mod /r/parentsofmultiples and /r/TalesFromRetail and would love to help mod /r/mothersday
Well that's quite the thought! I agree though, as I am a mom and was once younger 
I get my masala from a mom and pop shop in NYC. probably best to get it from hole in the shop places. probably no good reason for that to be a rule. 
took him a moment to realize if he admitted to being married to a 12 year old, he would be going to jail for more than just brandishing a weapon.
I'm a mom and I've had the cops called on me because my daughter was shrieking bloody murder outside the car... after she tried to beat the shit out of her sister.  Obviously trying to prevent violence warrants police intervention.
I am a mom and had basically the same thing happen to me. When they slip and start to fall, little hands try and grasp anything!!! 
cite some examples where arsenal were appalling and giroud single handedly won us the game from a moment of magic, rvp had done that multiple times for us
I totally second this! I'm a mom to 3... I feel ya, I totally feel ya. 
*It takes him a moment, but he slowly hugs back.*
I'm a mom and I don't play video games, but I did enjoy watching my son play. It wasn't something I grew up doing and I don't have the dexterity for it. 
Good Guy Kid...thank you, from a mom.
I never think to look in the review mirror while I'm at a red light. From a mom and her kid, thank you for this.
I am sorry. I am a mom.

When i got my kids to university age- i did not want someone in AUTHORITY to sacrifice them on that altar.
Give him a moment :) his main champ is not fotm or op anymore. We shall mourn for his loss rather than expect perfection ;)
What a beautiful offer! I'm a mom and would love a card! Pming address and thank you so much :)
I'm a mom and I would never allow my daughter or son to do this either. I know it kind of sucks right now but soon enough you'll be an adult and you can make your own choices. 
I'm a mom. I used to be an enabling mom. This is going to make huge issues with you and you GF if she doesn't agree. Good luck. Breaking bad habits in kids is hard. Hard on all involved. I wish you only luck.

EDIT: 
Remember, you can still be friends. I am a mom who is friends with a couple guys who dated my daughters. 
Regarding your edit. I'm a mom. Don't worry about the time, go home and be safe. That man is a sick maniac. 
Thank you for the Mother's Day wishes!!
I hate that it's always about Nmom, she's been a lousy mom, why must we celebrate that?  I'm a mom too and my kids actually LIKE me. 
I don't know the official answer, but I am a mom who has nursed two babies, and judging from the fairly regular intervals I would think that squirrels are nursing. 
took it from a mom and pop store
Ugh that's gross. And I'm a mom with a toddler. 
Yup I will usually give them a moment to do something, if they don't after a minute or so, I just leave.  
I dunno. I'd never steal from a mom and pop type place or local business, whatever. I'd have no qualms stealing from some place like Wal Mart though.
I'm a mom- we worry : ) 

But yes, you will be fine. And can we say?  We are so proud of you!
I studied solar energy in college waaay back in the 70's, and live in a solar-powered house. Also I'm a mom :-/
Next time she says come to mommy smile and pass the baby back to your sister. I'm a mom and I would flip my shit if someone said that to one of my kids.
Welp surgery is scheduled for the 12th. Time to go write my will. :(

Also, I have done all the chores, I used to be a maid, now I am a mom, so thats pretty much the same thing. 
I was just thinking this. I also was Rory's age when it first started and now I'm a mom and I so agree with you. 
That's is so sweet. I'm a mom, and I got teary eyed. I'm sure it means so much to her. 
I will happily send a toy from Amazon as well.  With Prime shipping it will be there in plenty of time.  I am a mom of two, and I can't stand the thought of the little guy not getting something for his birthday.
A memory of home gave him a moment of clarity and he took stock of the fact he just killed a whole bunch of people...people who knew a song he knew so well and likely hadnt heard since before he started killing people because he was told to. 
I REPEAT. I am a mom of 5.

5 who made it to adulthood and contribute to SOCIETY. The eldest is a diplomat and is married to another. All are university educated.

ARE YOU FINISHED?
I am a mom and the biggest question is what do YOU want? You are both adults but if you feel you can't handle it then leave it be. Otherwise I would ask him what he meant by it
It'll take a bit. Give him a moment.
When you have a horrify WD with you the freeze also gives them a moment fighting elites to run back and drop a Voodoo for you. I like the grenades for pure damage though
ITT: people that don't recognize sarcasm from a mom tired of being asked about milestones her infant has reached. 
Im a mom. I got nothng to compensate for the two humans that forever wrecked my vagina. You did sometign for your mom, and clearly she doesnt see her own beauty. dotn feel down. you did a good job.
...and when I am a mom or dad...

Oh, dear.
I'm a mom and this breaks my heart. You don't deserve to be treated this way, especially not by a person who should be your biggest champion. As soon as you can, I'd move far, far away from such a soul-sucking person. 
Overheard from a mom: my daughter's a sophomore in college but I don't think she's having sex, she should be playing the field! Other mom weird how our parents were afraid we would have sex in college and we worry our daughters won't...
It's like people think a certain status grants knowledge. I'm a mom, so now I know about nutrition! I'm old, so I know about how things ought to be! I'm successful, so I know how YOU can be successful!
That does. Thanks. Also, I am a mom. Do you think that is something I should advertise? I want to know from someone else's perspective. I honestly would think guys would find that a turn off.
It's fine l I'm a mom of three so I get ignored by a whole lot of people sometimes and it's gotten to a point where it just ticks me off immediately and disproportionately hugely.
Johnnys case is a rabbit hole and a terrifying one at that. My heart goes out to his mom. Im a mom of a boy and the thought of losing him like that yeah Id lose my mind
From a moment (the /r/WTF helped)  I though it was /r/watchpeopledie material but no,  it's just /r/justiceporn material in /r/gifs which soon will be /r/all material.  
I am broken and I am a mom. I also haven't used the bathroom alone in six years. Is that tmi? 
I am a mom. But that was a message to my partner. He cleaned our room and did all the laundry while I was gone. 
I have a two year old :) yes I am a mom. 
I'm a mommy to a beautiful 18 month old baby human female. Thank you!!! 🌺🌺🌺🌺
Because I said so.

Source: I'm a mom.
I'm a mommas boy. My twin brother and I never met our biological father. My mom is single now if you want me to share? Lol. Just kidding. Sorry for your loss. Idk what I'd do without my mom.
I seriously doubt this story considering I grew up in Alaska and have seen firsthand what a little stomping from a momma moose did to a car.
That's right. It got mad at a car. And it killed it.
I just thought it would be fun to read a couple of these at the shower. I'm a mom. I know about too much advice.
The jeans that say I'm not a woman anymore, I'm a mom!
I am a mom, doing away with the pontail has its advantages. 
Maybe it's a guy who heard this from a mom of a 10 month old. 
Just curious, about how many sessions and/or months did you talk to your therapist before this?  

Also, is the therapist a gender specialist? 

(I'm a mom trying in midst of my son's transition.)
I can't imagine how you all must feel. I'm a mom too so my heart breaks for you. 
2 camping chairs, sunscreen, bug spray, high heel shoes, and scrabble (the board game).

Edit: I'm a mom, I'm fair skinned, I hate mosquitos, sometimes I get a night off from being mom, and I'm always down for scrabble (who isn't). 
Newsflash: Not everyone is trying to hurt you or your ugly kids. Stop it.

Source: Am a mom.
Well, y'all know I'm a mom :3 that's good enough indication 
Damn straight.. I'm a mom, who has time for this crap?
Maybe it depends what modest means. I guess I just want the freedom to control my wardrobe. I'm a mom, I'm not going to be doing anything too crazy. :) 
From a mom: a hand written card, spending some time with me, gift is optional,  but a thoughtful gift means more than an expensive gift.  Ex.  My boys got me a baby groot bobble head for Christmas.  It cost them a total of $15.
I am so not in your demographic but I am always looking for people to chat with.  Warning:  am a mom-type, not exciting, but totally easy to talk to.
That I'm a mom. I'm only 20 and if I'm not with her, people would have no idea that I had a child.
I'm a mom, with a full-time job and I'm a full-time student. Some days I feel like I'm doing a horrible job at all 3 of those things but for the most part the plates stay spinning. 
I was in my pj's at home :) I'm a mom, so I don't think it's appropriate to show my stomach in public. Only sometimes when I go to sleep.
No, no they do not.  If someone ran for president with the stump speech: I can run the country!  I'm a mommy! I'd work faster on my shuttle to Mars.
I'm with you. I'm a mom of 3 girls and I want to rip his man titties off and beat him with them. 
Allow them a moment to come closer.  If they won't bask in the glory of the emperor, they may bask in the glow of lazery annihilation. 
Hey hey, I'm a mom member of both and I still think it's funny! My little guy will be 1 on Tuesday and he has face planted more times than I can count. 
I see nothing wrong with it.  I'm a mom.
I am a mom with 3 adult kids.  At one point or another they all moved back in with me.  I'm a better roommate than any of them are.
Oh, uh...That's what we call it at my house when I'm Murfy and my fiance/ daughter are the other characters. (Because I'm a mom and I regularly save their asses)
I'm a mom and I wish I could do this stuff with my son.  
  
I don't know how to snowboard, I'd probably maim us both ):
Ok, I am a mom, but you have no idea how much she will love you if you take over baby duties for a little bit so she can take a bath, brush her teeth, etc. AND it is important for your bonding with baby too. 

CONGRATULATIONS!!!
I'm a mom, drive a truck and use my signal at all correct times. 
Yeah, by brother stopped napping at 6 months.   Some kids don't nap.  Leave before they take their frustration out on your kid physically and verbally.  Take it from a mom who JUST had to switch daycares.  Not worth the risk.
I'm a mom...we can really fuck up some shit for sure. 
I'm a mom, I do this. Don't act like there's no reason. You had 8 hours to do 30 minutes worth of work.
He said he was a feminist but some people said the portrayal of black widow was sexist so he got loads of flak for that from feminists.

Edit: there may be more to this, but this is what it seems like from a moments glance.
I'm a mom, but I agree, I would be a *great* dad.  :P

My first ultrasound picture of her just looked a bean. She was so tiny when she was born and so I guess calling her my little Charlie bean just stuck. So yes. What about yours?
:( dude. i am a mom, and not a great one, but holy fuck. i wanna give you a big hug and like, make you some cookies or just...treat you with kindness and decency. your mom was pretty harsh. 
It would also seem a moment (or unit) in time becomes proportionally smaller  as we age. So that one's experience of a year in the life of a10 year old, would feel so different than one say of 50. 
[](/dwyes)Think we should give them a moment?

[](/sp)

____

[](/lcehappy)You have been a good influence on him.

I can tell.
It would be the same way here too. I'm a mom too, I understand completely. Luckily mine are only 3 years old so a while before they leave home.
Haha! Now that I'm a mom I talk about poop way more than I ever did before!
I'm a mom. We're stronger than you think. Most of us older generation have also experienced sexual assault. Your mother is there to help you. 
The real trouble with fictional narcissists is that writers often grant them a moment of clarity that real narcissists never attain. Ross and Monica's Mother on Friends comes to mind for that.
