Can you believe I actually remember this show? I was barely five during its run. All I can remember is the name, otherwise an extremely vague memory of seeing it or having some impression of it. It was probably coming on TV as I was going to bed, maybe weekends since I got to stay up a bit later on Friday and Saturday evenings.Anyway I've seen the Grateful Dead on there and it's simultaneously hilarious and interesting from a cultural history point of view.
I don't know that word. "God". How can I be defined as lacking a belief that I don't realize exists in a thing which there is no evidence of its existence?Seems like a bigoted thing to do: to judge another human that way.Don't call me atheist I'm a rational thinker. 
Dont get me wrong, I dont believe in god as much as the next guy, but in a world absent religion, this dude would have found a reason to kill everyone.  People with mental illnesses find a way to be crazy.
I know, right? Jeb blew up a rocket and I got to watch him respawn in the kerbonaut training facility 
Not gonna happen.  Private property, what manager is gonna piss off a wealthy customer?
&gt; Example: if I combine both hot water buckets first, then add the cold water bucket, will the final temperature be any different than if I added hot, then cold, then hot? What about the cold one and then both hot ones?Yes, the order you gave first (hot plus hot, then cool) will probably result in a (very slightly) cooler final mix.&gt;  If so, why?As long as the average temp of all the buckets deviates from ambient, the quickest way to reach ambient temp is to not mix anything until just before measuring, because the temp of a bucket with a temp far from ambient changes more quickly than one that is very close to ambient.
Imagining you "defiantly seeing this work". The look on your imagined face is hilarious. Defiance, rage, inquisitiveness, and eureka all together. 
Jimmy Pesto Jr.: The Nice Guy Years
Has kind of the same vibe as the wrestling  [principal from Billy Madison.](http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view5/3147412/principal-anderson-o.gif)
Sometimes people get the joke, but the joke just isn't funny.
This should be easy to solve; the UK has CCTV everywhere.
People actually move out of the way for emergency vehicles in other places? Here in Los Angeles, you'd probably just get yelled at or shot. 
DID WE SERIOUSLY PASS OVER GUIDED BY VOICES AGAIN    ARE YOU KIDDING ME GUYS    ARE. YOU. KIDDING. ME.
That show went so far out there how could expect anything else?
I had a kid because accidents happen, but there's a lot of fun in now having the ability to show someone Star Wars, Ghostbusters, Jaws, Jurassic Park, and The Beatles.    And that's pretty dope.
KANYE WEST.
But how do we *know*?
Mk
But pissing on the graves of 1000 years worth of ancestors to hand your country over on a platter to muslims who have no problem beheading your soldiers in the street while everyone watches......*that's* truly civilized
As a dad and a loving husband, I wouldn't even think twice. I would take her life myself to save my kids, and I wouldn't even stop to consider it. I still love my wife, but when you have kids... Fuck man, its different. They're like a part of your soul or something.
&gt; Check my post history and you will know why.I'm sure you understand I'm not really interested spending the next 45 minutes deciphering your comment history to figure out why the CBP doesn't like you.&gt; I was never arrested nor any charges actually filed against me, though the first time I sat at Newark airport for over 6 hours.Yup, you can certainly beat them by attrition. If they don't genuinely think you are a threat, it probably makes more sense to them to just get on with their day instead of beating their head against the wall. &gt; However, they cannot for any reason (short of being an active terrorist) deny a US citizen entry back into the US, so I knew eventually I would be released.That's simply not true. &gt; Once you are not free to leave it becomes a detentionThis is not really true.&gt; and your 5th Amendment rights apply - even at the border. But current law is that your password does not count as self-incriminating evidence, so the 5th amendment won't actually protect you in that situation. &gt; As long as you don't blab that all the documents you worked on overseas are on the Cloud, Agents have no way to know where they are, and probably no right to search them if they did.Right, you can certainly make it laborious enough that they won't bother jumping through all the hoops. But that's not really a feasible approach to life for most people. *Sticking it to the man* isn't really worth the time, effort or hassle to most of us.
No. Am I really being this unclear, or are people being obtuse? Government sanctioning of marriage shouldn't be based on my, your, or Rand Paul's personal beliefs. As long as there are legal rights bestowed by the state, that needs to be a non-discriminatory practice.**My** beliefs doesn't matter to *your* marriage, just like **your** beliefs do not matter to Neil Patrick Harris's marriage, etc. 
Gotcha. Thanks.
It could happen yet...
If what you are is "a character played by god." How can you drop the act? 
Oh my god what is that horrible space monster attacking the earth!Wait, its just a smudge on the window, nevermind
Only things I don't really like are that you cut off its feet and that his placement in the frame doesn't feel balanced. Otherwise, it's pretty nice... Good textures and I really like the almost chiaroscuro style lighting. 
Is there an /r/momboobs or something along those lines with just pictures of mature tatas? I found /r/realolderwomen, but I'm looking for something that just shows their ripened melons and not their aged beef curtains. 
It think /u/M0b1us0ne is right, there's one west of Springdale on 412, you can see the concrete tower from the hiway (I think)If you run out of options, Modern Mission is a BLAST.  It's laser tag, but it's still very fun.
So again, I appreciate the constructive feedback, and I'm sorry if I gave the impression that I wasn't using the CC available to d/d ele.  I suppose I have to backpedal now and make up excuses, but before I do: you're right.  Ele's have lots of abilities that offer some control over a team fight and they are a fantastic "jack of all trades."  You're also right in that Ele's make better team support than bunkers, but I would argue that they still make acceptable bunkers in  lieu of a talented/dedicated Guardian.And again, when I say "Fast Rotations", I'm really just meaning, "make sure you use every single CD in an attunement that's relevant to the fight at hand as quickly as possible and move on to the next logical attunement as quickly as possible so that you can continue stacking might as quickly as possible."  In my experience, I tend to move too quickly for the game to register my earthquake.  I'll be halfway in the middle of my jump up, and my toon will port back to the ground and Ring of Earth instead of finishing the Earthquake, which not only reduces the amount of stacks I'm left with, but messes up the rotation I was in and allows my opponent to more quickly recognize that I'm trying to knock him down. And lastly, I'm a newer player, not a pro.  While your insight is awesome and totally correct, please keep in mind that I'm not saying "here's how you play an ele, pro style", I'm simply saying "this is what I enjoyed, this is what I didn't enjoy."  You're possibly very correct in your assessment that I'm not good at D/D ele, because I have literally only played ~100 matches with him in a PvP situation. Also, I'm old and my brain moves slower than it used to. :)
I don't wear hats and I probably wouldn't take my hat off.
You look great, but picture 4 is by far the best. Too much distraction going on in the others.
Here's a wild idea.  You say you have $600?  You need 102 feet of wall.  5 gallon buckets are $3 each at Home Depot, probably less in bulk from other sources, and are over 18 inches tall and maybe 14 inches wide.  Spend your entire budget (besides some rope, tarps, and mud) on 5 gallon buckets.  Fill the buckets with mud and build the entire perimeter from the buckets, then lay the tarp inside, with ropes to keep it in place (but not supporting any weight- leave the tarp pretty loose, lots of slack against the walls).  Basically this is just a variation on the 'berm' idea somebody mentioned, showing that yes, you DO have the budget.  $600 is like 200 buckets, more than enough for a double wall perimeter (for which you'd need maybe 180 buckets).When yer done, clean the buckets out and sell em, or use them for some other purpose.
The only drugs they have are ones that kinda-sorta work in some percentage of people who have GIST but were developed for other cancers. My mother-in-law recently passed away from GIST and they basically were just trying different things hoping for the best. Some drugs worked, but only briefly. Others did nothing. Some other (more invasive) treatments worked okay, but only shrank the tumors by a bit. Maybe if caught at the right time, though. Surgery was too risky and chemo weren't options.
:O oh snap son
Were you under the impression that Tony Stark is something other than a sarcastic, wisecrackin' clown? It is crass, but crassness is a gigantic part of that character. If it were Hawkeye or Cap'n I could see where you were coming from, but "hide the zucchini" is exactly the kind of joke Tony Stark would make.     Also, I don't think they were hiding their thing together. I don't know if it comes up before the movie, but even if it doesn't, there's still the fact that Natasha is pretty much in charge of ritualistically curing Bruce of his Hulkamania, and that is a BIG red flag.    Sorry, man. I just don't get where this is coming from. You don't have to like the joke, but your reasons are super confusing.
This morning I reforged the HoW scout with my "system". I wanted full auto with explosive rounds. I got explosive rounds on my third roll but didn't like most of the rest. Reforged and got ER again but also got 2 of 3 sights I wanted plus a stability perk and the perk that makes auto aim more aggressive. I realized it had everything on my list other than one of the sights/scopes and took it. I've just leveled it twice but it's already a head popping machine!I would have probably reforged it 10 times trying to get full auto with explosive or at least High Caliber Rounds. 
Restraint and foresight is for sun singers, not Gunslingers. Although I roll 'Trance nowadays as I think it gives more benefit overall, but I immediately noticed combustion not combusting and turned it back on when I tried out Gunfighter. 
I just posted a quasi-poll to gather some reddit date in order to create a poll for PvP weapons. I'd appreciate your I put and feedback. Thanks. 
FWIW, Dayton has a better last, don't beat yourself up *too* much.
Haha, nah, I was joking. I always do my best to be nice and helpful. You just make it so ~~hard~~ super easy!Jokes aside, I thought it f it because I told you to return the shirt and didn't like one of your fits that one time. All in all you do good work and it's fun watching you progress.Also, I'm terrible at dressing myself, so I'm the last person to pass judgment.
Just because you like the song they play every time doesn't mean you care that it's their shtick.
750cc in line 4.  Claimed 74 hp when new, is still in decent shape.  Also adding blue dots up front to stop it.
Damn it bruh! There goes my left over pizza lunch.
I am a fan of "a relatively old woman whom gives this boy a blow-job (oral sex)"
That'll stop em
We could have done that before too. But we want it all for ourselves. Someone will.
Yeah, if you look day by day, it's busy for a month then nothing, then busy again....
I'm with you. I didn't think the ending was groundbreaking or surprising. I thought that the Lutece twins were far more interesting characters, and that their story was better. 
Not following her relentlessly until I stopped and spoke to her 19 years ago.Never be afraid, never stop chasing.
It's not not illegal?
bowl. black beans. rice. fajita veg. pico. the fiery stuff. guac.i stuff it in my face one forkful at a time. that's about it.
*Aubreeeeeeeeeey!!*
&gt; Every time you add a changed file, git makes a complete new copy of that file, so each commit has its own file references without the help from any other commit.Uhhh, this is full of shit.  Files are stored as content-addressed blobs.  Adding two commits which both have a file with the exact same contents causes Git to add a *single* hashed blob.
I thought vitamin c at least had some semi compelling evidence of immune boosting properties.  Not a major effect but enough that it was statistically significant as long as you started immediately upon feeling ill. Did that turn out to be bull crap? 
Pretend that you were not the person who wrote this post and read it. Really read every word. Pretty fucked up, huh? What would you tell that person to do?
Indy will let Peyton go to pursue a rookie.
Wait... 33? I assumed you were a kid. How did it take you this long to discover the Dead? I'd love to hear this back story. Cheers. 
I was about to ask "she's rich, right?" But if she's doing 50 she's def not rich. 
Does he have any good qualities? Why are you with him beyond the fact that he has a pulse and a penis?
In an internet discussion about a TV series, I'm mentioning that an actress has nice legs.If anyone's turning that into "THIS IS WHY WOMEN CAN'T HAVE NICE THINGS", yes, they're being ridiculously sensitive.Peggy and Joan are two of my favorite characters on the show, precisely because they have been able to buck the establishment and succeed on their merits. It killed me a little that Joan had to fuck a troll to get part of what she has, and I'm feeling a little gutted again now that she's getting figuratively fucked out of what's hers. And I hate that Peggy has to feel the way she does about the kid while Pete probably forgets most of the time that his cumshot resulted in a human life he never had to take any responsibility for.But no, let's focus on the fact that I find an actress attractive.Fuck off.
So nothing necessarily too much to worry about? I assumed going in without the funds to get my tooth removed would result in probably some antibiotics, advising me to get the tooth removed and saying it'll probably happen again. I'm not nearly as worried as I was last week because the pain is very very very minimal at this point but the bitter taste in my mouth yesterday concerned me a little. If I can keep the area clean do you think it would generally be okay enough to hold off on getting the teeth removed until I can save up some money?
I have two older sisters and a younger,  adopted sister.   I get along great with all of them honestly.  My oldest sister and I get along best, but we are a close family that gets along and communicates well,  it's fun actually.  
TIL there's a market for commercial suborbital launches
Seriously? you can't think of a single way to handle a bad situation besides seriously injuring some girl? He could have told her to stop, for one.
Same thing
Being a parent is not easy.  In addition to that calculation you need to figure out what schools they go to so they don't become homeless, what foods to feed them so they don't get too fat or skinny or otherwise malnourished. Wether you should go to work or stay home and if that will affect them psychologically.  What relatives should they associate with; weighing the fact that you think some relatives are crazy vs the desire of both parties to see each other.  Do you let them walk to school in the morning? To the bus stop?  How do you make sure they have friends and the right type of friends?  And last but not least how do you make sure they don't do something stupid and get shot by the cops.
Not especially - I'm in East Saint Paul.  I'm probably gonna ride down to LaCrosse next weekend, might be up to head Saint Cloud way some weekend after that.  TBH, I don't know the area very well, despite living here some time.
Oh yay! She better like it. &gt;:) She actually likes cats more than I do, so I'm sure we're good. ;) Thanks so much!
I'm an extra teeth person too. It's like... let's form the shitty X-Men team. Mutants with totally useless powers. 
What is your favorite type of music?Who is your favorite artist or band in said genre?What is that one song or artist you like to listen to but won't normally admit?[Do you like my wang?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEF1F-VswsM)
Well I mean, who wouldn't rather have chocolate milk?
That's a reverse fupa wedgie, cotton - I haven't seen that in a looong time. That's rare. Neat. 
My son got mad because I wouldn't let him watch Jaws last week and threw a bit of a tantrum, so I drowned him and put his corpse in the compost bin.    Whatever, I just didn't wanna watch Roy Schneider bow up a shark again, so it was worth it. That'll teach him to sass me!
I went on a mediterranean cruise two years ago. saw rome, genoa, marseilles, palma, barcelona, valencia. miss it terribly. I've seen much of the united states too.
When i was a kid i thought after you got sunburned and our skin peeled off, the layer of skin below that was a different color. Like, you get sunburned, peels off, and you're black. Then you get sunburned, the next layer is white again.
rotting corpse and human fecessteak filet, medium and browned butter sauce
Get rid of that 'up next' autoplay they now have. Drives me insane.
God helps those who help themselves. 
In his defense, there's crazy welding on the brackets - not sure if they're yours, but you even said you were tacking bits on. I'm not sure we got to see your final welds or if we saw prefab. This may be what he's alluding to. Based on your meticulous detail, I'm sure your welds are great, just not sure which are yours.
Heh. This is true. But he is still only 28.
To some. As it ages, the toe box develops small ripples if unstructured. 
They probably aren't in Maine. They could wander around forever just looking for someone to attack.
Playing the games can be extremely fun, and there are a lot of options to speed it up or slow it down as you prefer. You definitely "bond" with your players a lot more when you see that stud 3B you drafted clear the bases with a double to win a game, rather than just seeing it in the box score.At the same time, playing out your games is S-L-O-W in terms of overall sim speed. I don't mean how quickly the game goes. I just mean that if you are playing out games, the season will pass really slowly. Some people I know will do some of the following:- Play out one game a week, sim the rest- Only play out certain games of interest- Only play out playoff games- Play every game, but only from the 7th inning onThose are just a few ideas! Personally, I like to play out all of my games when I am OOTPing, but then I tend to make it through like one season before I lose steam.
I'll assume that, like my 5 year old, you know about &amp; accept evolution.Having nerves in the teeth discouraged your ancient homid ancestors from doing things that wrecks their teeth.  Having good teeth was pretty important for growth &amp; survival back before we were tool users, so the apes with sensitive teeth reproduced more often.
Onder telegraafjournalisten ook.
That sub produces a disproportionate amount of drama.
If you got a loss it's something different. They got a loss too. What OP described gives you a win and the other team nothing. 
Ohh you meant A beater car that "only" lasts 5-6 years is a decent car. Not&gt;A car that "only" lasts 5-6 years is a decent car. Makes sense I withdraw my weird face
My thought is that OP made multiple accounts to get referral credits, Everlane caught on, and shut the account down. It makes more sense and seems more likely than this story.He also doesn't seem that upset to have lost $400.I could be wrong and his story may be on the up and up, but people so so this kind of thing and then come to reddit for sympathy (and to maybe get the company to *fix* the problem to avoid bad PR).
It'd be misleading if there wasn't a beer can being used. I'd rank it less misleading than cheesecake, which contains no cake, or chicken fried steak, which ain't got shit to do with chicken.It's all about your own expectations. 
I don't ge
Honestly, Doom is still one of the most under developed characters in Marvel's arsenal. I would love to see a cross over with Doom and Luther.
What sort of trouble are you trying to prevent?
I'm a dad, and I have 10% body fat.  That's a proper dad bod that your wife and children will respect.  
The problem with statistics is they will make you stereotype a whole group of people.
Christ, I love it when this happens. Dude gets all defeny, people tear him to shreds over it. Perfect.    Bet the dude assumed it was a Black Eyed Peas song or something. Probably didn't know better than to fuck with Tribe.
As someone who grew up with cats...  that was not unexpected.  Cats go from chill to bath-salts in no time.
BANANAPHONE
Cogito ergo sum
Power issues though, like every other ship in this gameFor fuck's sake Frontier, a Class A reactor should be able to power EVERYTHING in a ship. Not this bullshit of "Well you have the biggest, most expensive reactor money can buy...so....do you want 1 beam laser or thrusters above class D?"A class A reactor should be able to power everything a ship could possibly hold with energy to spare. 
Still better than the front :p
You can also set up a witcher3 profile in catalyst control center. Set tesselation mode to "override application settings" and then set your maximum tesselation level to something over 4x (4x and 2x look shit).I'm running 16x with hairworks on in Witcher 3 and am getting a steady 50-55fps on Ultra with a 290x.
On the playground is where they don't spend any of their days
Fun memory of my visit to KSC as a child...approximately 9 years old, around 1990 I suppose:There was an exhibit where they had a lunar rover that you could sit in .  I thought that was about the coolest thing ever so I hopped right in.  There was even an Astronaut mannequin in full EVA gear in the passenger seat.  It was all super authentic, I'm sure it was a real space suit (at least the exterior garment and helmet, and the rover was likely a reproduction).I hopped right in and got my mom to take a picture (not a trivial thing in the days when you had to conserve film...you had to really make sure you wanted a picture before taking it).Soon as I got in my mom snapped a picture, and then the fucking astronaut turned to me and offered to shake hands.  I jumped out of the seat so fast I think I kicked him getting out!He'd been so completely still I was convinced it was just a stuffed spacesuit for you to take a picture with.  Turns out that guy probably just liked scaring the crap out of children.  Everyone got a good laugh out of it (except me, I'd nearly shit my pants).I'm going to email my mom and ask her if she still has the pictures.  I know she took one of me before he moved, but I don't know if she got one as I was flipping out.
Baby was not electrocuted, but I think we can all agree it was a dumbass thing to do and not recommended. Our parenting skills are an example of why there should be reproduction license tests. 
HA! My wife thought a gentleman's club was a fancy place where men wore top hats and pocket watches and all looked like the monopoly man. Not naked chicks grinding on sweaty gross dudes. Her face when I explained to her that a strip club and a gentlemen's club were the same thing @_@
Ugh this just sounds terrible.  Judgemental. Entitled.&gt;Worse, it's very hard to practically do anything together now. My place is designed for adults and adults only; a child wouldn't be comfortable or very safe here for long. This tells a lot btw.  Your poor sister has a child with special needs but your response isn't that you can change stuff around to help her out with the kid, it's that unfortunately your place isn't "designed" for kids so nothing you can do there.Also you left to start your life when she started high school.  So you have at least a 4 year difference between you.  &gt;We shared a tiny room our entire childhood; that caused a lot of friction and really hurt our relationship growing up. Really? even though she's that much younger than you?Edit:  also you're disapproving of her husband because he can't get or keep a good job so he's lazy but he still manages to work opposing shifts to help take care of his special needs child?
Not purely cosmetic.  Crowding can make it hard to brush or floss between teeth, which can lead to excess plaque.  
What? Weird racial allusions aside, I downvote things that do not contribute to the discussion. Like concern trolling.
Sanchez had a very solid passer rating through both those runs. To be fair.
*m8
Listen to Help and Revolver now!!!
For the USA, the mass incarceration of black men. There are a whole lot of ways to combat this like fighting against racism, but ending the war on drugs is the most effective way imo.
We do too. But they wait for lab results and films unlike a PCP. They need to make it separate from the ER. 
While I agree that there is less on device processing to be done...the system in total has several magnitudes more complexity, and the need for external hardware is a hard limit on scale and flexibility. Internal SLAM is already very capable on modern mobile devices, and a few years from now mobile devices will have no problem with large scale high bandwidth SLAM across the board.
Waking up and going is actually the easy part. The hard part is not being distracted while I'm there... because a lot of the things I do can tend to get pretty repetitive. Every so often I'll encounter an actual challenging problem, but for the most part it's pretty cut and dry
Having a baby so early. I love him more than anything I've ever loved before, but my career trajectory has basically flatlined... I mean, I'm still really young (24) so there's plenty of time to make up for it. It's just that I was in line to do great things for the company I work for right out of the gate. Then I took an absurd amount of time off to get married and have a baby all at once. Now I'm playing catch-up, and in general, everything's a hell of a lot harder than it would have been if I could have just kept my dick in my pants a year ago.
in real life?  dead dismembered body.  On the internet, good lord.  nightmare fuel.  tow girls one cup didn't phase me. One guy one cup didn't.  I've seen the mexican beheading videos, I've seen the hacking-off-limb-punishment videos.....you know, internet stuff.
Interviewing a woman for a CPA position, she was very nice and professional, after we completed the interview she backed out of the office thanking us repeatedly until she reached the elevators.  I went to leave the interview room and noticed there was a large spot of blood on her chair.
Dont' go upstairs, ALWAYS shoot the bad guy in the HEAD.  TWICE.  Don't go with the black guy if they split up.  I would probably die, but I'd lay some pain down first.
&gt; That can be doubled to six years if you omitted more then 25% of your income or $5,000.00 in foreign income.Which can't be determined unless they audit you?
Butter, it's stupid easy.
Daft Cock
What happened to this?
Poe's law 
Does euls work against bkb?
That's the way to do it.  Nothing tears people apart like a wedding.
So kinda like how Silver also had Kanto region? I'm really into it. I would pay $100 for a gigantic one where you can go to *every* region.
I'm not panicking, just looking forward to being done with the guy who's been mediocre at best, save for an occasional gem every once in a blue waffle. 
**BOY, WHERE'S TH' FIRE??**
I think that's pretty much a jury rigged concrete form, lined with a tarp, so its right in line with what I suggested.  Just make sure the wood is actually strong enough to take the load, and is gonna stay in position.A 16 foot span of WOOD is still gonna bulge out, and could just plain break under the load unless decently thick.  For a 1 foot deep slab form, its usually suggested to make the sides from 2x lumber... so the fact its 'only' 18 inches deep doesn't strike me as meaning you can skimp on strength.  Also, unless somehow braced, its gonna want to just flop over and lay down, trash cans or no.  Solid fasteners at the corners seem more reliable than the cans - how were you gonna secure the board to the cans to prevent sliding etc?The bracing is really the trick.  You want something directly opposing the force pushing out on the walls.  Sending that force 8 feet through a flexing wall of plywood to a trash can full of water is not gonna do the job.  The pictures I posted of forms show this kind of bracing; it need not add much cost, but it does need to prevent the walls from bowing / tipping over.If you buy decent wood, you might have some other use for it when done.  That may allow you to increase your budget a bit.
*I sit at the Slytherin table and read a book as I nurse a cigarette and sip on some tea.*
Sure. Leather pockets seem too warm anyway.It'll be a nod to Japanese repro denim pocket bags.Though chambray isn't the best material.
Is the burgundy one shell? Hard to tell from the photos on my phone, but it has a sheen that the others don't seem to.
I saw below that preorder is more accurately *paying someone to do it for you* which makes everything else make more sense. Planet money talked about that some in their story on sneakers but I don't remember if they used that term or not.It's funny to think that my brother had OG Jordan's back in the 80s and 90s and probably could have sold them for a good chunk of money.
If you run into trouble, asking a few shoemakers should get you some answers. Even guys at Viberg, Dayton, or other shops may be able to help.
I feel like even that episode was only maybe 10% funny, and nearly 4% of that was the joke about the Uncle Grandpa ad during the first episode of Steven Universe. Those characters are painfully unfunny, and the fact that the charms of the Steven universe could only *sorta* make them funnier is... just incredible. 
My uncle was a huge drunk, never worked a day in his life, lived off my wealthy grandparents.  He would drink at least a fifth of something and usually a case of beer as well every day.  He started drinking in his teens, was the star athlete, free ride at Notre Dame for football.  He partied too much and was booted his second year.  He drank this way for 25+ years, had a heart attack and was told he would be dead soon if he didn't quit.  He spent a few months in rehab then followed up with AA and another group, became a born-again Christian, best thing that ever happened to him!  He replaced drinking with his new religion, preached on about it, not in a rude or pressuring way but just let us know the joy he felt in his heart and how Jesus has saved him.  He became a volunteer and helped people who were in his prior situation, helped homeless, etc.  He's been sober now for 20 years and in great health, very strong, lifts weights and runs.  I'm firmly in the non-believer group, been that way since reading Bertrand Russell's Why I Am Not A Christian when I was a fifteen-year-old alter boy and it turned my belief system and criteria upside-down.  Short of God proving to me personally that He/She is legit I will never be a theist or believe in a spirit/soul of any form.  Still, I won't deny this belief hasn't helped many people overcome addictions.  Sure, they're oftentimes replacing booze with another addiction, but when the new addiction means you'll be a better person and will have a crutch to fall back on and keep you in the game, well, no harm in that I suppose.  
I would put a poster of some beach there, remove the blinds and add some nice curtains.  It would be nice if the landlord would make the other window much larger, would open the room up a lot, but who am I kidding, if he/she does that then he/she will boot the existing renter and rent it for more $.
Saxual HealingIt's ok I'm a dad.
I normally totally get AVC reviews of the show, but holy hell did they ever miss the mark on that one.
Well it doesn't mean there aren't risks
???"There are no guaranteed drops""Cores are guaranteed and give you legendary gear""Well...that doesn't count because I don't like those..."
I just came from a presentation where the presenter kept referring to refrigerant as juice.  What does that mean? 
You know when you're riding your bike and you roll over a broken 40?    Sad tire.
I've been to some of those
This won't help you in the morning, but I like to mix [this](http://amzn.com/B007ZP1JGM) with milk and peanutbutter. It's like a chocolate and peanutbutter milkshake, and it's fantastic. 
Mosquitoes... BEES? No thanks. 
Man those Hawks uniforms... *snif*/Nique fan in the 80s.
i agree with your assessment, in fact, I've sliced and diced the tracks to make a version where side one fades into Us and Them and carries on from there. Blasphemy, I'm sure, but whatever.
Its a flat biscuit folded over like a taco with eggs, cheese and bacon or sausage in it.I wasn't too impressed with it. It was..ok.. The biscuit was doughy. I opted to also get a grande Steak and egg burrito and that was great! Also the new DIABLO SAUCE is great!
Most likely there is a "Contact Us" link on their site. Use that to figure out to e-mail them. You would have to look at their terms or ask them if there are fines, etc. Maybe someone else knows the answer. I find it hard to believe they would chase you very hard over 30 cents though.
There's no fucking way you're 19, but you *are* hot. 9/10, and I'd like to call my lawyer now.
10/10 body, 7/10 face. I guess I'm on Team Remove... it *does* give some character, but at the same time, not. You're gorgeous either way though.
Do you see Crosby out there?
Yes, like a good preacher's son that's gotta sell the lie to stay in the parish. He's a charlatan, a smart and clever charlatan that knows the riffs the scared and easily lead want to hear. I'm from Texas originally, you see his type every sunday in the pulpit and under the revival tent; passing the plate and screaming hell fire, then driving off to bbq in their cadillac. This worked for his dad extremely well and got him to where he is today (and if you look at the trail he took, it is pretty prestigious), there's no reason for him to stop until he wins or is burned down. 
I was worried that my tattoos were just a subconscious loophole that let me hurt myself. They weren't.
A person? A rotating motor of some sort?
&gt; Does a shock mount on the downtube, top tube, tucked in front of the BB, etc indicate anything before even riding the bike?All else equal (which is assuming a lot) shock location (in the gross sense you mention- IE which tube it is bolted to) is mostly about frame design.  It can affect how stresses feed into the frame, and the center of gravity.  Some locations are better at keeping it out of the dirt, making it easy to reach (for lock out activation), etc.  Some look cool, or make it easy to provide multiple mounting points for BB height or other geometry / suspension performance adjustment.&gt; Am I thinking too much?Sort of.  Your actually doing right to focus on the 'buzzwords', assuming they reflect actual differences in wheel path, linkage rates, shock design, etc.  All of those can be tweaked to work pretty much the same with any given shock location, so the simple fact the shock is in one place or another isn't what I would consider when looking at a suspension design.
I think everybody suffers from it, to a degree. People want to know that their tastes are good. But, there's a fine line between that, and feeling like you *shouldn't* like something because some random tastemakers say you shouldn't, for whatever reason.    I mean, half the responses here so far are legitimate talents that are labelled as... something. 
I think they mean filming there but I'm not sure...
If sharp, agressive blades like feathers work well for you, give the Merkur blades a shot.  They're a little spendy, just like feathers though.Feathers at least go on sale on amazon now and then.  There was a 100 pack for sale for like 15 or 20 bucks once, and I wish I'd bought them then.I'm personally pretty happy with my Astra SPs.  I liked the merkurs when I used them but they left me a little dry after the shave, I think they were just a tad too aggressive for me.The thing I think people like about feathers is the quality.  There's very little variability with them from blade to blade.  Other brands you occasionally get a bad one or a bad batch.
I think I know that guy! Last name's Marks, goes by the first name skid or something like that.
Yeah back when Tony was being awesome and drunk. 
Paid for the game...
Yeah, I was at a middle school concert last night when I was typing that. I meant Cruise but somehow Hanks got typed out!
Yeah, probably, never tried it.  I have a bad habit of sliding the rear wheel when hard braking.  Never had the need for TC, guess not enough power that it would matter.  But yeh, hopping on a bike with over 150 HP, would be nice if it is there.Everything I read says the systems on bikes like the Superduke, S1000rr, and H2 are very helpful to actually making the power usable, and the bikes safer and easier to ride (and ride faster).  Sounds good to me.I'm totally down to get a high performance electric bike, and I'm pretty sure such systems are more or less required on such bikes.  Without traction control, an electric motor has damn near 100% torque at 0 rpm, which is just a recipe for wheel spin, not speed.  Apparently if you remove the TC fuses on a Tesla, you get RUDE burnouts.  I guess having that option would be nice, but for actual riding, it would be nice not to worry about breaking the rear loose at every light.
So what you're saying is you're not into stiffs, but strip with a stiffy. We'll call you StiffySprinkles. Nobody needs to know your "guvment name".
I think it was a night I was telling you about a couple of quotes that I liked. 
[Did I inspire this](http://www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofamazon/comments/36pzna/contest_star_wars/crg39ht)?
Aw man, me too. I couldn't understand why nothing was getting called on Favre. I would have handled losing to that dude in the Super Bowl a lot easier too.
&gt; He liked naked, beautiful and stony women.Who doesn't?
I fuckin love this guy.
Ridiculous. But thanks for the example!
I live in Portland, and the answer is yes, absolutely, 100%, no question, there's a thousand amazing bands in my city's scene.    My top 5, in no real order (with a song from each):  1) Menomena - "[Muscle'n Flo](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crvv47_MTK0)"  2) Parenthetical Girls - "[A Song for Ellie Greenwich](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h19KnjDqS5M)"  3) The Thermals - "[Here's Your Future](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPsdjlPVaJU)"  4) Glass Candy - "[Warm in the Winter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Akjt-RuNc6U)"  5) Elliott Smith - "[Needle in the Hay](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EgNgvCLRqWc)"    Honorable mentions go to Modest Mouse, Sleater-Kinney, The Decemberists, Grouper, Chromatics, The Kingsmen, The Dandy Warhols, and alllllllll of the small, unsigned bands that kill it at every house show and Burgerville show they get their hands on, who are all extremely inspiring, and are too numerous to even begin to list.    Oh, also, Peter Buck lives here, and so does Stephen Malkmus.
As a liberal democrat I find this comical
I still remember driving down Nicollet and being like" why the fuck is there a kmart here?"Edit: corrected autocorrect.
Or up the budget a ton. This pattern is common among high end makers.
Arkansas, that all I have to say.
That's an interesting take.. I personally disagree though, rape is rape, I feel introducing grey areas to acts that are technically rape is a slippery slope
A Horg 
He was accused of having sex with minors.  Boys around 15-16 if I recall correctly.    Kevin Clash I think didn't deny the relationships but said there as no underage sex.  Both (or maybe it was 3) parties all eventually recanted their stories.  He left Sesame Street while he was embroiled in the scandal.  Theoretically he resigned, but I'm sure he was probably forced out.Not sure what to think about all of it personally.  He was never convicted of anything (not sure it even went as far as being charged), so innocent until proven guilty I guess.  But when you work for sesame street, if you've been accused of child molestation you probably aren't making a comeback from that, whether it was true or not.But they've kept Elmo front and center without him.  Another puppeteer does the movements, and they use pre-recorded audio.  It's weird they had that much backlog, but I guess a lot of it could have been for upcoming DVDs or specials or cut segments from previous shows or something, and they just cannibalized it to keep it going while they figured out what to do.I'm sure the new guy will be fine, but I don't think Elmo will ever be quite the same again without Kevin Clash.
Ah, so he'll only get the *blatant* racists
Can confirm. Purge does awesome narration and his videos are super helpful to watch. 
That's the general price for a custom last anywhere you go. Some places will build up a last for you for much cheaper, which is good enough for most people. Bespoke lasts truly are for people with foot issues or with lots of money.
She loved fishing.  And snow.And pvp.
sitting in a room full of people who don't smell themselves, chew with their mouth open, breath heavily, smack gum, laugh like Chandler's on again/off again girlfriend, smoke, and never graduated above about the third grade.Just shoot me now.
Drag goes up as square of speed, but power needed (fuel used) is drag x distance.  Going twice as fast uses 8 times the fuel in the same time, or 4 times as much for the same distance.
What about being a touring musician? Do you really think that's easy?
How *dare* they like a $200 boot!
I never understood why people think it's okay to dig a finger into an ear to use their fingernail to scoop up earwax is fine when doing a similar act like picking one's nose is not fine.  It's gross, and many do this then look at their nail to see if they scored any waxy gold.
I am so minimalist that I don't need a watch. 
It's complicated, but also easy.Simply, you are getting the best from the best and that is why it is expensive. Is it worth 5 grand? Maybe, maybe not. Very few people need bespoke shoes, but no one really needs tailored clothing the way we need food and water. Some people do have foot deformities or other issues that require bespoke shoes. Other people like the perfect fit that can't be achieved RTW, others like the customization, and some just like the name. *My shoes were made by this man, an artist* rather than *My shoes were made by a collective of very talented people at a premier shoe house.*Now for the nitty gritty.Custom lasts are generally $500. But those lasts are generally plastic and made by a place like Jones + Vining. Bespoke lasts are generally wood and carved by hand with a guillotine. It's basically a machete hooked to a table at the end of the blade. These are expensive.From these lasts, they make a second pair and hollow them out for shoe trees.Materials. Simply pit, they use the best. They may have their own, unknown tanneries but they'll also use more well known ones. They will use any leather you want in any configuration. You're not getting alligator and ostrich leg from Viberg or stingray from Allen Edmonds.They do (almost) everything by hand. This isn't a stubborn thing, but a control thing. With a machine, a welt looks a certain way. You need a shelf to stitch into, because machines are bulky. Hands are very nimble, though and can create exceptionally sleek silhouettes with no shelf or exaggerate the difference between the waist and ball like G&amp;G's Deco line.They stitch with boar bristles rather than needles. They wax and twist their own thread. They may use pegs instead of nails.Finishing is exquisite. Is there a huge difference between bespoke and AE, Meermin, or Viberg? Absolutely. Is there a difference between bespoke and JLP or St. Crispin's? There can be.Generally, the differences are small and no one will notice, except for the people who care enough to go bespoke. Anthony Delos can do things with lasting that you just won't see from a shoe house. Ironically, I believe he now works for one. But finishing from premier shoe houses is amazing and the differences are small.There are some other things too that can separate bespoke makers. For one, they do everything themselves (except perhaps carving the last). The only automation they use is a sewing machine to close the uppers. They inspect and click the leather (with a loupe and knife), the create the pattern, greater the mean forme, stitch the uppers, sole work, heel work, etc.. Some can be patina artists on top of this, which is a whole 'nother art. Sometimes it can be gaudy and ugly, while other times it can be gorgeous and subtle.Bespoke is expensive because it is art, custom art for your foot made by the hands of a craftsman with decades of experience. This is the absolute best of the best.*Side note, you can't compare it to a painting. Fine art prices are entirely speculative. It isn't always based on talent, skill, size, materials, etc. Often, people great it as an investment that is relatively liquid. Fine art is sort of the ultimate hype machine. Just look at Jeff Koons or Thomas Kincaid. Most of their work was made by an assembly line of people. Kincaid in particular wasn't even that good or novel (also a giant douche) and hearing Koons talk about art makes me want to throw a brick at his face. But people place a value and hype on their work, so others perceive it as valuable. Other artists like Calder, Van Gogh, Matisse, Picasso, et al were visionaries with exceptional talent, often pioneering new directions for art.*
&gt;yes, even your cell phone    Thank god they said something, I didn't think my phone counted as technology.
That's the standard response, but GMO is not the most pressing issue. The issue is Big Ag creating food which is patentable, and eventually owning enough patents to make it economically unfeasible for communities- and as we've seen, small countries-  to take charge of their own staple crops. Rejecting GMOs is a way of combating that hegemony.Agreed, this technology can be used for good. But letting corporations dominate the future food landscape is a dangerous thing, imho. It needs to be governments working in good faith with business in a way that isn't primarily about making a group of people incredibly rich. It becomes the end-all be-all. Should that really be how the world food supply is managed?
Oh wacht, nou krijg ik al bij voorbaat de schuld van toekomstig geweld tegen PVVers? Het enige dat ik zeg is dat hij niet moet lopen te zaniken dat 'het dichtbij komt'.  'Het is een hypocriet' heb ik ook niet gezegd. Maar bij deze: het is een hypocriet. Een hypocriete haatzaaier bovendien.
Is that a whole band or just the same bearded guy playing each instrument?
I think we're safe, it's meant to be stuck in wet stuff. Edit: NOT SAFE.
Yeah I had to put it down and go outside for a while after reading that.
Similarly, "Will you still need me, will you still feed me when I'm 64?".  Paul McCartney is almost 73 now.
No, I didn't. Reddit is making me feel like a failure today. 
See, the biggest mistake that parents make is, "Oh, it's Mother's/Father's Day! I'm gonna spend all of my time with my kids!" No. When they're young, use it as a day off. I got my wife a day at the spa, and she loved it. She came back refreshed while I handled our little monster for the day.On Father's Day, I plan on going out and playing a round of golf with my childless/non-married buddies, having a few beers, and smoking a cigar.
My friend at work is color blind his names Scott and we sell trailer parts. So when he's working the back counter some times he has to ask ( when he's giving parts over) what color wire he has so he gets it right. I'd love to see what this would do for him. Because me and him are huge comic book nerds lol so I often crack jokes about his version of captain America being the brown white and blue as opposed to the standard red white and blue
I didn't know we needed a trendy name for *ordinary body*. 
&gt;/r/relationships[2] is shit, and also I'm banned from there.Uhm, if you've managed to get banned from there, maybe they're not the ones who are shit.
&gt;"I can be a hero"Proceeds to kill the people he provoked
Define survivable?  There are a lot of things you can survive, but not be in too good a condition afterwards.  Assuming that the astronauts are in a reclining position with their backs to the ground, 32G is generally seen as survivable, [John Stapp](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Stapp) survived up to 45G with no long term injuries. 
This is what makes me think they're a troll.
This is only because you are going after NPCs.Ever piss off a real player and try hunting them down? It's pretty much like Bebop**STORY TIME!**So I'm in this system in a conflict zone shooting baddies when another player shows up. No big deal. He flies around, generally ignoring me and my wingman. Then, out of no where he opens fire on me. Little did he know my quaint Cobra brought along his friend Mongo in the Python. Python slams into this guy and kills him. Next day, same conflict zone, same guy shows up and opens fire on me. Turns out he didn't laugh his ass off at getting slammed into and destroyed like I did. Only this time my wingman isn't there with me. I bruise him up a little but then fly off the the nearest station. He follows me. Ohboyherewego.jpgI spot him leaving the mailslot and turn around to go back in and wait for Mongo to show up and help me out. Guy can't wait and he opens fire on me....inside the no fire zone. Station blows him up. Now he mad. Like...super butthurt mad.Eventually Mongo shows up and we go out cruising around. Little did we know this guy called in HIS group of friends to track us down. We dock and log off until the next dayNext day: I spot the guy and summon Mongo. The hunt begins. He runs off and we start tracking him down. Later we find out the entire time we were hunting him down, he was hunting us down. Sometimes we miss each other by seconds hopping in and out of RES and conflict zones. FINALLY we spot him docked in a station. We wait....and we wait....and we wait. I start bouncing my ship up and down on his and sending him...um....*colorful* text comms telling him to come out and play. No luck, he just sits there. We log off (turns out he was eating in another room and only saw the messages after he got back and we were already gone. He is now RETARDED GODZILLA RAGE BUTTHURT MAD. Oh he mad)NEXT DAY Mongo is cruising in his Python alone and spots the guy....this time he isn't alone. Mongo is alone, but this guy now has his entire posse with him. And he still mad. Oh is he ever mad. Mongo decides some diplomacy might be in order, and hails him.Turns out this entire 3 day manhunt/blood feud began because homeboy hailed me and I never replied....because I never saw his messages because I was in the middle of combat. He thought I was being rude and opened fire, thus beginning the hunt. For 3 days he was going to every station in the stellar neighborhood asking if anyone had seen the red cobra with shields out the ass or his friend the python. Meanwhile, at the same time, me in my Cobra and Mongo in his python have been flying around looking for this douche nozzle in an asp and asking everyone *we* see if they have spotted him.For 3 days everyone within 12 light years is suddenly in the middle of two wings hunting each other down, often missing each other by only seconds.Now we're all friends, so it has a happy ending. But for those 3 days on that mad hunt we were all stuck in some weird film noir space chase trying to find the other group. Getting tips from all the traders in the area, searching every RES, every conflict zone, flying around in super cruise looking for the other guy to show up. It was very Bebop. Just replace Ein with a fat kitty cat and you were right there 
I'll never buy another nexus product ever again. Yes the os is butter smooth. Camera totally sucks. Worst camera ever on premium priced device
You just perfectly summed up both a game franchise and a game subreddit in one glorious post. Congratulations. Well done!My thought is that we go to Australia - which is the Devils Lair upside down. 
Very fucking well said my friend! 
What kind of degree did you get with no math classes? 
It's also what real science uses.  In science, nobody makes a claim and says, "now prove me wrong."  They make a case for their claim and the rest of the science world judges them through a peer review process.  I didn't even give my opinion.  I just said you can't prove or disprove religion.  My beliefs don't matter in this case.  What matters is your bastardized view of how the scientific world operates.  I can smell your mountain dew and doritos from here.
You're right.  BMI is the chart method.
I hate chocolate of all types, sweets always make me nauseous.
Yeah I don't see why so many people here are in denial about it.   Do what you want.   If weed makes you feel better,  great.   But don't pretend you're doing your lungs any favors in the process. 
Step 1: Start a business.Step 2: Don't fuck it up.
Semen.
Does it also cause cancer, in California?
MS Paint.  I used to make caricatures of people I knew in high school.  It was all fun and games until the teacher didn't like his.
My wife uses this work and every time I'm like, "WTF is that?!"
Well not the religious ones at least. 
Pools.*designed by Christopher Nolan*
Well at least everyone knows that promotions come often.
Are you Hugh Jackman?*wtf is Yorkshire pudding because it looks delicious*
[Cats only need about about 12 inches to right themselves.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cat_righting_reflex)
I've never thought of it like that, although I think /u/MajorasTerribleFate was searching for someone to answer how, if we had this theoretical technology, could we direct a meteor. 
I think my flair answers that question.
You mentioned in your post most of the arguments were your fault so I assumed you weren't being very nice to him.I have a friend who went through this same thing few years ago.  She was a great friend and person but somehow in relationships she was a little crazy and always picking fights and being mean, then when the guy backed off got all clingy.  Went on like this for couple of years.  Eventually the guy started talking smack about her to his friends and started seeing other girls.  I guess he lost respect for her and stopped treating her with respect.Moving on is he only option available to you, other than begging to get back with him and him treating you badly then breaking up with you eventually
James Dolan is super confused about what this means, and why he still has picks.
Getting your buddy laid is only second to getting laid yourself.
Good luck!
1- it's not level2- WTF is up with that light trail?
And we get a new episode is 6 days! 
Happens to me more than I would like to admit. 
I'm a mod but last I saw, one of the other mods opened it up for everyone to use. I'll have to check when I get to a pc.
I honestly don't know, my wife pays all the bills, I only worry about money if I don't have enough for my hobbies (which happens annoyingly often).  Basically I'm on an allowance.  Its a more common arrangement than you would think.Several thousand per year?  Was gonna say $200 a month, which adds up about right.  Is only two days a week, will be more when he goes full time, but my wife plans to go back to work (part time?) by then.
High rise buildings will typically have a boiler system or large tank heater with a re-circulation line.  The  boiler or tank heater will heat the water and it will pumped throughout the system.  Since most of the water will not be used quickly, it would just sit in the pipes and cool down.  If you keep the water flowing with a re-circulation pump, it keeps the water flowing through the system and back to the boiler/heater so it never has time to sit and cool down.
Very true.
Way better than the usual extra long French fry.
He might even be able to have that person ship it to him, although that may be a stretch i've heard of people attempt it before
Sounds fantastic. I'm totally jealous.
You're awesome, and don't deserve to feel blue.
Damn right it is!
WOOOOOO getting there quick too. It's going to fly by. Congrats! It's a major step. :D
I wish I could... This is my third nexus 6 in 3 months.
You say that "they put in their time to earn IB gear", but that statement is false. They out in their time to get to level 5. This "earns" then the ability to purchase gear. It's just like turning 21 (where I live) earns you the right to purchase beer, but you still have to buy it. Some people have to go work for the cash to buy it and some have money saved. I stand by my statement that the issue is they weren't given gear that they thought should be given them. (And since tone and inflection are not easily transmitted via computer, I'm not being a dick or condescending.  I'm merely enjoying a lively debate. I too get frustrated at having to put the time in for gear I want now, but I also enjoy playing the game and really enjoy when I finally do get the sweet stuff)
Agree on all points.
Your beard is really starting to come in there, wolfman.
Makes sense. Having never had taps myself, I can only speak on what others have said. I can see heel taps being problematic on some surfaces.
I do wish he added commentary. Every time he posts something interesting, I'm always wondering about it.He doesn't need to add something every time they post boots. It's clearly obvious they're boots. But what is this? A computerized last. Some leather swatches?
Yeah no kidding. I just can't get inside the mind of a guy like that. He either A) Thinks it sounds awesome and is an asshole for being completely ignorant of the world around him or B) doesn't give a fuck and is an asshole. Either way the guy's a dick, probably.
*Everything is mauve when you're part of a team*
&gt;ur mom shouldn't exist in the english language    Woah dude! Bill, that's really harsh! Why do you think that?    &gt;because most of this music sucks ass    &amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;
I have several moles and my hair changes colors.
I went through a phase of doing that, right before the snapchat thing. Then I realized I needed a break. Since then I haven't done it as often- but coincidentally. Mainly life's just been intruding lately. 
That was not what i was expecting from reading the title.Anyways, sorry, losing pets sucks
Sounds nice! Lately i've really wanted to move to this town in England. Sounds stupid for an American to want to move there i know, but, gosh, this town is so pretty. From the pictures i want to move there and never come home.
So much ***giggity*** in your post and first line...
Oh thanks! I wasn't sure about /r/themall because I don't have an etsy shop (or interest in opening one). I'll post there too though, with your blessing. ;)I lub you guyz
I am literally jealous.  Grew up around welders, got to "play" with them a little bit.  I like my grown-up life, but man, I wish I was welding stuff.
What about Judy, judge judy?
The circus used to set up in my high school's parking lot every year.  Rumor has it that a clown knocked up a girl who went to school there.  Now the circus doesn't come around anymore.
Yeah, if I see that I'll cancel.
I'm pretty sure being dead would be considered in the 'unable to consent' territory of rape.
We picked up Herremans.
Pretty sure if rubbing alcohol could explode, I'd have managed it as a kid.  It can do a moderately energetic fireball if you boil it and have an open flame, but hey, so can regular old oil.
&gt; It'd be like my life now but with more moneyNo, it wouldn't. You'd literally have women lining up around the block to fuck you. There'd be a hell of a lot of temptations to resist :)
The fact that you think they are soulless knockoffs made without love is just plain wrong. Many of the games are made by small teams who do it for the love of the project, with little hope of actually making money off the game. 
Wow, you just gave me something fun to do on the way to work.  No FI for me.
Right? Who even wants to read?\*goes off to read some crap on reddit*
Okaley Dokely!
Meh, how was *your* day?
The lord of Winterfell apologizes to no man.
Excuse me miss, but I believe your ass is on backwards.
Flash a stock rooted ROM from Xda. 
Pretty good i guess. I had to end a friendship today. He wanted me to deliver a present to his ex girlfriend, whom, a year after the breakup, he is still infatuated with to a worrying extent, but i never did it. I kept hoping he'd just forget about it.He's given me a lot of material possessions during our friendship. Two expensive synths, a lot of clothing, dozens of CDs. It really is impossible to say no to this guy, he just keeps giving and giving. Just yesterday, he asked about the damn present i was supposed to give his ex again and was furious when i told him it was in my basement. He blew up my phone with dozens of texts full of insults, spite, and hate. Today i told him if that was how he felt, he could have everything back. I left it outside my front door and he came over and picked it up.I have to say, i'm relieved to not be his friend anymore. He is a stupid stoner, burnout, college dropout who can't keep a fucking job. He stays at home all day trying to be a musician, but he fucking sucks. He can't sing, he can't play guitar, he can't play keyboards. He can't even keep a fucking beat. His music is awful, his lyrics mediocre at best. His music would be nothing without my contributions, and i'm embarrassed to be on his demos.Today though, i gave every last thing back he gave me. Man does it feel good to wash my hands of him. He is a failure who is going nowhere in life.
You know I bet if you can get cops to stop shooting random people you would significantly reduce the number of dogs that get shot too.  
Vegetables.  :-)
And the reason those fetuses are killing is because of damaging views of women.
Yes. Its from the wheel of time series, from robert jordan. Its based on a yin-yang symbol. 
I thought this as well, the one shot with the fight in the background looked more like a rehearsal 
Who nuked the shit out of who again?Yeah, I thought so
Even if they turned out to be mistakes, they helped shape you as you are now. :D
Let me know when you are done making them, so I can compare yours to theirs. :)
SHIA SURPRISE
It's the cousin. 
*Finally*, Thom has written a fuck anthem *I* can use.
Instead of pizza, you could buy kale chips. But nobody wants to do that.
How has it been working? You haven't actually been exclusive, and unless you used protection with Anna it hasn't been safe either. 
I've never been more ashamed of giving someone gold. 
Hey Jude, only because it's pretty revolutionary in terms of structure, being open-ended like it is. Degenerating into a singalong is an awesome idea, lots of fun to listen to. Being as long as it is and being impossible for DJs to not play, it practically invented the album oriented rock radio format in the late 60s. And it's a positive message.Yesterday is genius,  a real leap forward for the Beatles and Paul specifically, and the solo arrangement with quartet was so inspired, but I'll seek out Hey Jude more often.
You know, one solo that might interest you is Eric Clapton's solo on While My guitar Gently Weeps. It's a great example of the use of string bending- a lot of expression packed into a few notes at points in the solo. [This](http://www.guitarworld.com/node/14575) article discusses it and has an isolation track you could follow.
I proposed with a $30 ring from Amazon up on Mt Spokane. 
Chinese Wok Express serves it, and I seem to recall it's pretty good. Their fried rice is amazing.House of Chow does too. It's a great place if you haven't checked it out.
That's OK neither is ted cruz
I am curious about this too. Is this limited to certain systems?  Is there a way to protect yourself, or know if/when this is being done/attempted?
Um, yeah. It's why I asked. Another post on the topic of the awoken got into this area and as a Studiers of Destiny Lore, it's a matter I haven't ever learned about. I'm not a weird Twilight-like fanboy crafting fan-fic. As awoken are humans that were changed it makes sense that they could, but if the changes are at the genetic level then it might not be possible.
[this](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Wul3TNeiZLQ)
Candy-Rama's closing on Liberty made me sad, my girlfriend and I would go there to check out our future wedding rings at the Clark Building next door then get a bag full of candy for the bus ride home.  We were only fifteen then, we're forty now with two kids and I did end up buying our rings at Goldstock's in the Clark Building.
They have dropped the censorship.  And the millions of users. Plus they have bunged back in some of the more unsettling subs banned on reddit.Apart from that yea identical
D'awwwwwI can't figure out if you're posting this after the prom or what. IS IT HAPPENING NOW? Quick use your phone to tell me while nobody's looking.Blink twice if you're scared and need an exit strategy.
MUL-TI-*HWOOOMPH!*
Clicked to see this. Flounder19 did not disappoint!   
Bright side: If your girlfriend has an ounce of common sense (and it sounds like she has a good bit more than that), that was the last time she will ever bring her sister to one of your shows.
Well, not really. At least in my class. 10% of the class tied for valedictorian and I can tell you it wasn't hard work or learning. What you've described is ideally how it's supposed to work, but not reality. There's as big of a difference there in education as there is in government.
I think the lack of a tail has fucked up his equilibrium 
Well you obviously aren't allowed to practice human sacrifice, but that's already covered under a different law.
I'm a dad and I'm going to use this
Plus I've never met an ATM that allows you to take money out in increments of $5, so its really like a $20 limit plus a $5 fee.
Ya but isn't that hilarious?Someone calls you and the name comes up on your phone as "Wrong Number", you partner asks who it is and you're like just wrong number , see , and you show the display Fucking gold jerry gold
Mat Latos has fingers the size of some adult penises. Source: I'm a nurse who's seen a lot of porn. 
If you like that, this'll blow your mind: apparently Jimmy Graham played basketball in college.
So, wait a minute. Basically, he wants you to give him a pass because he cheated on you to see if she was a better option? Presumably, if it had gone better, he was ditching your butt to be with her. What happens the next time? Either with her, because he hears she has changed and "just wants to see if they could fix their relationship," or with someone else?Please grow some self-esteem and ditch this loser. You deserve better.~g
This is a great article for motivation.Most people think that once you hit 40, it starts going downhill and you'll get fat and unhealthy, but he's proven that when you're almost 60, you can still be in the best shape of your life.
If my kid was reading Harry Potter all day I'd make him stop reading on the grounds that he was reading Harry Potter all day.
But why?
I like the look, but I'm also uncomfortably aware that a lot of the women who have that look at in their late teens, and I'm in my (very) early thirties.
Well I am a father and I do know what I'm talking about. You do not physically have to be pregnant to feel the same emotions towards your child.
Here's a hint: the studying is not the controversial part of that video.
I'll take the nuclear polution issue over global climate change any day of the week.  Radiation can be potent and dangerous, but it's also generally a lot less scary than people think it is and there is so much fear of it in the world that it does us all a great disservice.
You make a great point about microbes. That's more risky than fighting an intelligent species. But we might want to bust their planet before they become competition, just in case they do have some biological advantage over us. We will have to get very good at terraforming. So I think we should get started with Mars. Like now.
That all depends... But for the most part I would say that it boils down to insurance companies, law firms, architecture firms, marketing companies, financiers, etc.And those are just categories of businesses. There are a ton of niche businesses within those categories.
Depends if she has an std.
Yeah, exactly.
Shit, if being a part of the Human Centipede entailed eating Reese's all day, I'd sign up willingly.
That is beautiful.
I'm from Baltimore and have never seen that Baltimore dog either.
&gt; Men det jeg ikke skjnner, er hva denne Olsen har s intenst mot kontanter at han absolutt ikke vil at de skal finnes.Det er helvetes mye vanskeligere  spore bruk av kontanter enn det er  spore kortbruk. Enkelt og greit. 
[There's air horns that have an air compressor built in.](http://www.amazon.com/Stebel-Nautilus-Universal-Motorcycles-Scooters/dp/B00CMX20H4)  I have one (is on my old bike, need to switch it over still).  Its loud, easily gets attention if you are being cut off.  Needs its own 20 amp circuit, and a relay to handle the power (since a horn button isn't made for 20 amps) - the ['frequently bought together' wiring kit](http://www.amazon.com/Universal-Plug-n-Play-Wiring-Harness-Motorcycle/dp/B0028ZKMM6/ref=pd_bxgy_263_img_y) handles that.
Good try, but there are some notable differences.The Clark's have a crepe sole, the rear quarters are different, and have a stitchdown construction, overall making the silhouette quite different.The sole in OP's shoes is distinctive, so maybe someone has seen it before.
Not a single dollar so far. 
It's mostly in the elbow for me.  A little bit of wrist.  Yo ucan get a really fast lather by putting more muscle groups into it.
I don't think jokey word play is unique to any one group.
You should start your own gofundme. Or tell them to go fund themselves.
I understand that this is a debated topic, and in the end I am glad that you have found meds that work for you, but my experience using ADHD meds since 1986 across pretty much every brand and classification has been consistent and I have never noticed a huge difference. The same goes for benzos but to be fair my experience with them has been purely recreational. Finally, with a parent who was a general practitioner, and my love of pharmaceuticals, it was a topic discussed at length. Anyway, I am not going to argue with your subjective experience. I hope you find something that works consistently for you. 
In 10 years, good luck with that.[EDIT: 10 years is an arbitrary future date.  It might be 12 or 15, but at some point you will lose these games and there's nothing anyone will be able to do about it.  Not a knock on all digital, just saying...]
Superconducting loops
First look at a different dimension
http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/35hyug/tifu_by_figuratively_telling_my_mother_to_go_fuck/
Busy day.
What didn't you get picked for?
So can I stick one of these in my Merchantman?
Back to decimal, right?
My wife is 4'11" too. I'm 5'7" though so it's not so bad. Having to actively band down to kiss her would be frustrating, though.
Beetus juice, white bread, and mayo. Well isn't that just great.
I am unfamiliar. Here I *gooooooooo*...
I will. He's a piece of shit, giving me all those gifts and expecting me to confront his ex girlfriend for him. I've been trying to rid of him for a while now, and i feel like i finally have. 
Apparently we're demons or something. It would explain a lot about their rhetoric.
I miss my brother, he's moved out of town. So I've been recording my farts and sending them to him so he doesn't get too homesick.
When you realize that they were magnanimous to those that capitulated to the surrender requests before the battle begins.  
She needs professional help, and you need to make her get it IMHO.
My mom is adopted.  I found her biological mother last year and reunited them.  I recently found her half-brother from her dad's side and called him for the first time yesterday.  He is interested in meeting my mom, as well.  My mom's parents were out of high school and engaged to be married.  His mother supposedly broke them up by tell him that it was her or the family.  His family was Jewish and was apparently not thrilled about their son marrying a non-Jew.  After the breakup my mom's mother found out she was pregnant.  She gave the baby up for adoption and never told anyone, not even her ex-fiance or her future husband.  My mom searched for a couple years to find her mother.  We lived 3,000 miles away from where my mom was born.  Turns out that her mom lived about 10 miles away from us at the time.  She moved and lived only about 200 miles from us when I found her.  Her husband (passed away a while ago) worked at the same place my wife works at now.
Straw man 
Damn man, I didn't know you were homeless. Maybe I was a little overboard with the bootless comment, considering boots can be pretty expensive. Sorry bro... But you are still a shit smearer.
Happened to my ma when I was a kid. She ate all of her broccoli first; my sis noticed the bugs before the rest of us ate ours.Moral of the story: eat dessert first, and vegetables if you have room left.
Not helping with housework is just unacceptable.  What's his rationale for this?Is he living in 2015 or 1960?
No, it's not. Supporting research by MAPS, contributing to the work done by David Nutt and Robin Carhartt-Harris at the university of london via kickstarter, volunteering at mental health clinics doing psychedelic therapy, transcribing TED talks related to psychedelic research, those are everything. Being a dick on reddit with  delusions of grandeur is just masturbation. Good luck with your "renaissance" while those of us who really care actually work towards a common, productive goal.
There is no gun or knife permit. Just a concealed weapons permit. You get the permit to carry a gun, one of the side benefits is you can carry a switchblade (in some states.)It's not split up into knife and gun. Just "weapons"So, with my knife I was OK to *own* but I couldn't carry it on me. (Some states illegal to own all together, some states perfectly legal to own AND carry) The law in my state is switchblades can't be carried on you unless you have a permit to conceal carry "weapons" (which in reality is 99.99% for guns) I got my concealed carry permit so I could carry my pistol hidden, but that made it legal for me to carry my knife.It's like a library card. Once you have it you can take out books and magazines, you don't need one for books and a second for magazines.I don't think any state has knife permits. There's no law against carrying a knife (unless it's a switchblade for some reason) so if you want to carry one you do.I carry my knife as a tool, not a weapon (like most people assume) Carry a knife for one week and see how often that sucker comes in handy. I just prefer a switchblade because I only need one hand to open and close it. Comes in really handy.I've known people who go overseas and people over there are just aghast that someone would carry a knife (lol, Europoors)A guy I work with went to England to our EMEA office and used his knife to open a box. When he pulled it out all the brits nearly wet themselves in terror and asked him why he would carry a knife. "For situations exactly like this" he said. I mean....how do they open boxes in England? Have the queen issue a decree? Not sure what the laws are for buying a knife over there. I assume he didnt take it on the plane across the pond with him :/
As a Canadian I am proud that ghost is truly of the North.
To be totally honest, PvP.  I'm fairly certain that's why I'm having such a tough time committing to a single legendary.
I love playing support.  I like carries too but prefer the freedom of supporting. One thing your friend can do as a support is focus on denies. He's gotta drop some wards too, but if he wants to feel like he's doing something productive, let him do denies and harass. Let him set up ganks. Lich or Venge are both fun supports that have a string offensive presence (I typically build Mek then Aghs, with gold I get from towers and kills/assists). Teach him about creep wave eq, and how to pull the wave or push it. Have him stack camps. There are *so many* things to do as support I can't imagine ever getting bored. 
[These](http://smile.amazon.com/dp/B00K8FPFCK)? (NSFW, people.)
This was posted 12 hours ago. Any update?I just focused on my work at hand, as much as I could. Once it took like 6 months for a promotion I was promised to actually happen, and it was just so slow and painful, but it eventually did. "Keep on truckin" basically.
Dad bod.
Should someone tell these people that Mozart wrote a song about analingus?
HELP MAKE THIS AGONY END
I'm putting together a big huge mix  of quiet ambient/drone stuff, like Stars of the Lid, Tim Hecker, and Gas. What are some great similar artists you would suggest?    And, bonus question: what music do you guys listen to to sleep?
Damn straight! Hello RubberDong , good to see you out in the wild.
Yet another example of the legendary climate wisdom of business advisors.
Kirby vs. PikachuIdk, just feel like that'd be a good one
Nolpe, all my racism is TOTALLY on purpose.
I got my black in tae kwon do in under a year in Korea while stationed there. My daughter tests for her red belt Saturday and she's been going 2 1/2 years. It's really about the integrity of the school. The shit school I went to was all about getting a soldiers money, whereas my daughters school has figured out how to extract money without giving belts. 
And most of these brands have big competitors they are taking business from.So say how you are going to have to make decisions about purchases based on the companies moral position etc.
It's not possible to always be motivated. That's why discipline beats motivation, every day of the week.
God damn, Bartolo is a better pitcher at age almost 42 than most guys almost half his age. 
Just because Thor doesn't have TJ in his history doesn't mean he doesn't have it in his future. I mean I hope he has an awesome career without ever needing surgery but it's no longer as bad as it used to be. 
Proxy all the samples.
This is the point where I let all of you know that I've got a friend who was told by Olof last year over dinner that the rumors of their breakup were greatly exaggerated. You can make of that what you will.    I'm not trolling.
they paid me a fair market price for the cable, but I insisted on reinstalling it.
Underlying issues aside, the next time you get up to do something and he says "Laying with me isn't something to do?", say "Going on a walk with me isn't something to do?" It's time you demonstrated to him that he is not the only person on the planet.
What's below the white roughout and above the Viberg x 3sixteen olive? Brandy shell?
As long as they all pay child support, I don't see the problem
My son is only three months old, I totally don't have the dad forearms yet :(...And feminists want to talk about unrealistic expectations of body image
...and by the way, part of the reason it is the way it is with the Wii U is because of the hackers who basically turned the Wii into a cheap system with thousands upon thousands of "free" games.  Nintendo learned a hard lesson.
Jennifer Lawpez?
I agree with this.  I just want it all off, frankly.
I like the car at about :45. "Fuck, can't go this way"
PROTECT THE QUEEN!
It basically means "do what is necessary".  It wouldn't be rude to use it.  I threw it around once or twice in college when I had a lot of indians in my classes with me. It was actually a common phrase in american english until about 60 or 70 years ago.  Ask your grandparents, they probably remember their parents or grandparents saying it.
 Good lord, *lots*:   -Sincerely Yours (jj, Tough Alliance, ceo, Memory Tapes)  -Party Damage Records (Your Rival, And And And, Wild Ones)  -Sub-Pop (*ffs*)  -(The Beta Band, Basement Jaxx, Fatboy Slim)   -Matador (Yo La Tengo, Guided By Voices, Pavement, Sonic Youth, Mogwai, Fucked Up, Dinosaur Jr., a krillion others)  -Temporary Residence Ltd. (Envy, Godspeed You! Black Emperor)  -Kill Rock Stars (Elliott Smith, Unwound, The Decemberists, Sleater-Kinney)  -Robotic Empire (Circle Takes the Square, Pig Destroyer, Kayo Dot, Red Sparrowes, Torche)-Level Plane (Hot Cross, City of Caterpillar, Saetia, Vidablue, Melt-Banana)  -Barsuk (Death Cab for Cutie, Menomena, The Dismemberment Plan, Harvey Danger, Kind of Like Spitting)    I really like record labels...
Kanjuro is a [drawer](http://02f6373.netsolhost.com/WordPress/wp-content/uploads/2010/12/drawe.jpg)?  I thought he was an artist.
Good for her. With that body she can get any black man she wants
So, which particular flavor of European are you?  Let's dig into your nation's proud, no doubt blameless history, shall we?
God, I've always hated these guys.
She's hot?  She looks 14...
Hmm, why? That just means they had to get that money from the rest of us instead.
( o  o) MY BRAND!
Nice. Well, i hope your raging boner is taken care of by a hot, young babe. 
The [Star Wars](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7CzbXA53I24) convention and the [baseball skit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AkSZGXmuvIo) never fail to make me laugh.  I gave up cable a few years ago, really miss watching Conan.edit: If you haven't read or seen his [HARVARD](http://www.allowe.com/laughs/book/COBspeech2k.htm) and [DARTMOUTH](http://www.levo.com/articles/career-advice/conan-obrien-commencement-speeches-good) commencement speeches they're pretty damn good.
Guess you'll think next time before sneak attacking us, wont you?No sympathy here. You fuck with the bull, you get the horns
[Actual footage of the sale](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDXYzUlv0S8)
Language is fluid. Given enough time, "ur" could be more acceptable than "you're". That's the great thing about linguists; they aren't as pedantic about language as most people, because there's never really correct, just widely accepted usage. If it didn't change at all, language would be boring. People just tend to be curmudgeons about the changes to their language by others, but its a natural and beautiful change.
Thank you both for explaining!You'd think lower or higher bail should depend on the income of the accused, but that's not the way this works apparently.
I'm a dad. 6'1", 170 lbs. No beer belly here. I can tell you 100% that fat girls like dad bods the way undocumented immigrants love rusted pickup trucks. If they could do better, they would. 
From the looks of it, they did not try to rehabilitate him or successfully keep him away from his sisters. The whole family covered it up and didn't do anything and it was handled terribly. It reflects almost as badly on his parents as it does on the molester dude.
Thats how I feel as a 35 year old also.
Yeah I kind of agree.  The whole point of the first dozen hours of playing KSP is to find new and exciting ways to blow up on the launch pad. If everything is logical and easily ordered and simple then everyone will get into space in just 3 or 4 attempts and they will be cheated of the joy of conquering that challenge.
The video clip is even better because it's got the audio of the two Russians in the POV car saying hilarious sounding Russian shit and laughing that throat-scraping Russian laugh. 
No he isn't.
I could do without the Pall Malls....but damn now I want a brisket.
So she only writes on one side of the page.
Pie Petticut
Look the next volcano to erupt
*is
Because junkie is so much better :)
[Plexi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqSkUZgQzlc), [Paw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3REP1nbtka0&amp;index=5&amp;list=PL_-0InerNCiCRkVFfJ2v3PlKX4hxBcqp_), [Methodists](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJGsfg1RFcI), [Hammerbox](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYsH6Q_Um9Q), [Love Battery](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QX5wtEmwR5k&amp;list=PLrK8gt4G1Bmm6_E8kFFTZQCamO32OW6w3), [Skin Yard](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=itCLGM7xj3E), [Bikini Kill](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZxxhxjgnC0), Pond (not the new band, [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HdQ8dr5rKQ) one), [Seaweed](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJvYOkkyKRI). And of course, [Mudhoney](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qp7P_S3AipI).
*were
He should have gotten a guy Brazilian 
I don't think we have enough information to really know where Battlefront is. At this point all of the outright hate is a little misguided.
You may be right, but consider that the screen size of the Transformer is 10.1 inches. Screen size or performance? You have to make sacrifices at this price point.
Or that first time they fall down / fall off the bed? PANIC. Everytime after that? "Meh. Made of rubber"
That time I gassed 6 million jews.
Fewer working days I think would work best for me.  That would give me whole days with my SO.  I would enjoy 3-4 workdays per week instead of 5.  Honestly, I've often thought that the "8-5 Monday-Friday" is random and stupid to enforce.
First of all, grammar.Second of all, not arguing with you.Third of all, I'm on the opposite side of the fence. Grew up in an agnostic household; the possibility of God was never left off the table, but we didn't go to church and didn't really have any formal belief system. But as I grew up, I developed issues with anxiety and depression; anyone who lives life that way knows that the two kind of feed into each other. The biggest thing for me was that I couldn't see the point in continuing to live if all I was going to do anyway was die. I would live a life, and it would end. Time would pass, people would forget me, and anything that I had accomplished would ultimately be completely insignificant other than in the few brief moments in which my life took place.After college, I started going to church with my girlfriend (now wife). While I was hesitant to accept the faith at first, I tried to take all of the positives out of it, and I also sought out the negative aspects in order to properly weigh my options. What I found -- and I'm not saying that everyone has the same experience; I don't believe that church is necessarily for everyone -- is that I was a hell of a lot happier looking at things as though God was watching me. It helps me abstain from drinking, it helps me work harder, and helps me appreciate other people much more than I ever could on my own.I realize not everyone needs religion, but I for one am a fan. I didn't expect to be at first. Just chiming in to say that having a God is not a terrifying way to live at all -- in fact, for me, it's more liberating than living a life without one. The idea of eternal life in paradise as a reward for taking all of the negative things that life can throw at you in stride is a much more soothing thought than the alternative. But again... maybe that's just me.
Went to high school with kid who played the young version of Sean Penn's character in Mystic River... Sean Penn was in Mystic River with Kevin Bacon. Boom.
I remember:        Ich spiele fusball.        Spielen wir es tut mir leich? 
I eat my poached eggs with a fork.  Is that wrong? 
I'd forgotten about TV actually, and the massive licensing deals for the world cup.
Pub support player here (level 6) -- I agree with what you're saying, overall. I watch Purge's videos regularly and, while I *try* to emulate many of his tactics, certain things (advanced warding, counter-warding, smoke) are almost completely moot in pub due to lack of team coordination.I might extend your definition of "heroes supporting cores" to "maximizing the efficiency of gold farmed by your team".  If a new player is playing a carry, feeding them farm can easily go towards death tax if they feed too much. When I play support, I don't mind laning with new players but if I see that they are a new player I will offer some advice or suggestions on what they should do.  * I'll pop a healing potion on *them* to keep them alive and able to continue to farm without running back to base.  * If we're safe-laning, I'll ward the jungle to spot obvious ganks (clever / well-planned / smoked ganks are less common in pub matches) * I'll pull the lane (after telling them) to keep things closer to the tower if possible (Lich is awesome for this, because of Sacrifice) for a better high ground position * I focus almost exclusively on denies and harassment, unless the carry died, in which case I go for broke on LH for the goldAt the same time, I typically *don't*: * stack creep camps, unless requested (I wish I could do this more, because I would like the practice) * do creep-camp pulling beyond 1 camp (ditto) * buy smoke, because I'm not good enough with it, my teammates rarely know how to do it, and the enemies do any amount of warding only about half the timeI recently joined a noob guild for tryhards and it's been really awesome to finally get to try some of the tactics that I've seen better players do. I really wish there was multiple levels of pub play, or that there was more emphasis on pre-game team building, instead of getting mixed with 4 other random people and trying to sort out team dynamics at the last minute. EDIT: formatting
Where John Diggle and John Stewart are basically living parallel lives and the introduction of the flash and Meta humans it could be 100% possible to bring in Green Lantern the Jon Stewart version Green Lantern into it especially with the many times they've asked John why doesn't he wear a mask. Also with the upcoming DC legends of tomorrow where the Adam can now shrink himself, the introduction of Hawk Girl and her reincarnation storyline plus the fact she has wings, and having reincarnated  Sarah lance to e white canary, adding a space cop into it wouldn't be a hard thing to do. Any opinions? And how are we going o make them listen like Marvel listens to fans?
I will be *completely* shocked if this doesn't happen.
Huh, so it ties shifting to the ECU?  Did not know that.
[*I lean in and wave a hand in front of you again.*](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lwhbu6dcK31r8x4kto2_250.gif)
Aaaaaaaaaand saved.
What's that got nothing to do with how a woman binds with her baby.
I'm a dad.  When I want something (and there's money), I buy it.  This spring I bought myself a motorcycle.  I don't really even want to give my money to my wife and kid so they can buy me something I might not even want.
Also for us maritimers it's old news we've been watching since the beginning whereas the current level of fame is because of Netflix picking it up, I remember several years ago bbc America picked it up and it didn't go over all that well. 
The key difference is that we give 6 degrees of freedom without printed markers. That means you can actually walk through/around your structure with your phone/tablet instead of being stuck at the same point. No other AR app can do that currently.From what I can tell about the most recent version also, they don't really even emphasize the AR aspect. 
I was having a hard time understanding what your responses were in relation to and what your question was, perhaps?But did I not basically say what you said?The universe's age is around 14 billion years. The observable universe is *much* larger than 14 billion light years. This is due to the metric expansion of space and the fact that light is reaching us from multiple directions. The entire size of the universe can't be quantified, but is largely seen as infinite. Our observable universe is a small bubble within it. But observable universe depends upon your vantage point or reference frame. A planet 8 billion light years will have a different observable universe than we so. In fact, it could be a completely different size. Two planets may not even have a shared observable universe if they are sufficiently far apart.I believe your question was this (correct me if I'm wrong):&gt; if the universe is only 13.8 billion years old, how can our observable universe be much, much larger than 13.8 billion LY?&gt; it rests on the assumption that the photons emitted at the beginning of time were always moving in relation to us at the speed of light, which is not an assumption that can be made, and in fact is contradicted.That's what I was saying. The space in between us and the furthest reaches of our observable universe has been expanding. This expansion has actually been speeding up and is not bound by *c*. So now photons need to travel farther to reach us. They still travel at *c*, but space is created between us and them.Maybe I just wasn't clear though, and trying to simplify it too much (which is generally bad in physics), who knows.
The comment was deleted, but I just peeked through that guy's comment history and he is a *real* piece of work. Apparently he's a mod on a hilariously awful racist subreddit that I won't name. What did his comment here say? 
Bjork at Carnegie Hall. It was amazing
Hi Sera!Welcome to the sub! That /u/TheMasterCthulhu guy is pretty alright. 
45
Sure, but AJ does plenty of mocking himself, so I'm not too bothered by that, I guess.
I've heard of that ride before. Arrow had batwings on a lot of their rides, i guess that is pretty close to a cobra roll too
I know this would be a great joke for it ! So now we know cats, dogs, babies, and apparently drunk people like laser pointers 
Yeth indeed... yeth indeed
perfection
I find it hard to believe Wilt never did this though...
It's Plasti Dip. It's fucking shit.
&gt; Like I'd bet somehow in the future, the Jimbei cover story will be relevant.He found a poneglyph, then was shown with a poneglyph-sized cube as he was leaving. It will definitely be relevant.
&gt; First of all who does play the witcher using mouse and keyboard?Lots of people, including myself.Stop talking out of your ass as if it's cold facts. People also tout Valve as some savior of PC gaming, even though they've been developing console games for the last 10 years. Just because you cater to a wider audience doesn't make you a console centric company. They have done and are doing a lot of things for the PC side of things that many other companies wouldn't even bother with. The games been out for a bit over a week and they've already patched it 4 times.
Like making Gordon Freeman talk 
Oh god no. I learned my lesson back in the Roy Jones Jr. days
Seinfeld and LOST.  
He doesn't shoot guns. In reading the article that didn't seem to mean anything more than personal firearms. It also excludes cutscenes and forced mechanics that can't be avoided. It does say he doesn't use the gun on the Mako and uses it to ram enemies. 
I NEED YOU LIKE WATER LIKE BREATH LIKE RAIN
Just givin' you hard time 
You're bringing up two totally different issues.The first is just dumb: it's cheesing if you are  (and I quote) "looking to beat it fast".  I don't know anyone that stands before Atheon and waves so that they can enjoy his company. I don't know anyone who enters Crotas chambers and cleans up their inventory just to spend a little quality time with the big guy. It's just idiotic to NOT take out enemies as quickly and efficiently as possible. That is the single greatest way to die in a video game. The second issue I can totally agree with: people who put stupid requirements in place in order for people to join their fireteam. If you're gonna play with randoms, you can't require specific gear or unnecessarily high levels. Now, I agree, and have used level requirements for going into raids where it's applicable - I'm sorry, but a level 23 has no business going into the VoG. I also got crap for using a fully leveled Rare Scout rifle in a PUG and when it came down to it, I did more damage than the guy doing the complaining because of the perk and stat roll my gun had. 
Up?  I thought Houston was the pubes of Texas. How much farther south can you be? Unless you're in the taint - El Paso. 
Ach, zo'n enorme meningsfreedom fighter is die Geert niet hoor. [Hij vindt ook wel eens dat cartoons weggehaald moeten worden](http://www.elsevier.nl/Nederland/nieuws/2011/2/Wilders-Cartoon-moet-van-VARA-site-anders-geen-debat-ELSEVIER289185W/).
Hiiiiii
Yeah I hear you there. I'm on skype and facebook and fuckall whatever else too, and the offer stands. Even if it's just to bitch/moan/vent. 
A line item veto would be a Godsend to the American people. 
[This comes to mind](http://www.quick-break.net/c/2013/07/01/We_are_lesbians.gif)
Why not?  Every now and then a stroll down memory lane is nice.  It's also good to see where you've been so you can appreciate what you have now.  And for those who might be into retro PC gaming (is that a subreddit?), perfect. It is "PC Gaming" after all.  It's not /r/pcmasterrace.
I like "Event Horizon", excellent set direction and use of color.  
When oh when will we stop demonizing ego? When will we stop conflating Freudian psychology and philosophy into a misunderstanding  of self?Ego is a necessary and critical component in our experience of reality. It is a tool and blaming it for our suffering is like blaming a faucet for tricking water into thinking it can't flow freely. It isn't the ego that is the issue, it is our misunderstanding of its role and the mistaken conclusions our ignorance draws from that misunderstanding. Ego, from the Greek and Latin words for self, is the mechanism that allows us to experience ourselves as something separate from the environment. Ego enforces the illusion that we are individuals, with reality as a space that we can navigate and interact with. The truth is that we are the environment itself, without the illusion we would experience our true, non-dual state. This experience of non-duality, of being one thing, is beautiful. We call the experience enlightenment, ego-death, and many other names, and too a fault we glorify the experience as a place to get to. But here's the thing. Without ego doing its job, we wouldn't be able to do anything! There would be no reality for us to interact with. Or more accurately, there would be no us to interact with reality. Those of us who have experienced the dissolving or loss of ego know that the state of unity is an empty one. The best possible lesson of ego-death is to teach us the truth of our illusory reality. But we still *need* the illusion in place to live and play in it. Stop demonizing the ego. If anything, demonize ignorance of its critical role in the human experience.
Hound on a Honda!
Chips chips *chips*!!
Cool. Times change. I still like Hoax 4 and VG 8 style stuff the best.
Yeah but the inside of your egg will be cooked and won't come into contact with your other food while sitting on your counter/in your fridge.
The picture you linked just shows a dog looking really happy about having a hot dog nearby.  No damaged freezer to be seen.My guess is you'll have much better luck coming up with some way to keep fido away from the freezer rather than trying to dog-proof it.
Samantha Haifa Lane
I just got off work, now I'm going through a huge pile of unread comments/messages here. :D
I'll assume that it counts. If he's a fan of Alien, or even horror in general, I believe he absolutely must play through Alien Isolation. Play it on easy if he's not used to FPS-type games.Every dad needs a couple of good racing games. Also, these games are easy to pick up and put down.  Dads are busy.  I am too which is why I play at night when kids are in bed.  DiRT 3 Complete Edition on Steam is 100% Games for Windows Live free, so there's that. Project Cars just came out, and I can't believe my eyes half the time. Great simcade racer. I also have GRID Autosport but it's on the back burner for right now.Far Cry 3 / 4 would be a good one if he's up for 20-40 hours of having a blast while doing things you'd never be able to do get away with in real life.  Batman Arkham City - I think this is a must play and good gear up for Arkham Knight. Good 20 hours spent.Batman Arkham Origins - just say no. Total waste of 15 hours.South Park: The Stick of Truth.  I have played it for about an hour, it's worth a look if he likes South Park or their humor and wants a decent RPG that's not Skyrim.I don't really care for Skyrim. I played Oblivion years ago and never really got into that, either. The Legend of Zelda, now there's a good..action game with RPG elements.  Way more up my alley.Shadow of Mordor: It's fun, one of these days I'll play through the rest of it.I play a lot of COD: Advanced Warfare, and really wish I hadn't gotten addicted.  So, don't play COD, he'll lose too much time he wished he had back so that he could play other games.Maybe you could find a copy of the Orange Box at a used book store or something, those games are all worth playing, if for nothing else than to see a turning point in PC gaming.  Half-Life 2 is a classic. Portal is amazing.I haven't played GTA V yet, after all I have kids.  Also I want to upgrade my GTX 780 before I take that for a spin.  Unfortunately I have a 1440p monitor and downgrading to 1080p simply is not a good option for me.  Those are just a portion of my Steam account, but the games I actually play versus "I'll get around to it."
And the word "when"
What? I thought everybody loved that record!
That's not how parliament works.  I personally don't want my MP wasting time running through the divisions casting votes every five minutes.There is other work to do in the commons apart from voting, there are committees to be managed and local constituency work to be carried out.I read that MP's work on a buddy system, for votes on a two line whip or less.  This means that a conservative MP and labour MP will agree no to vote against each other on less important votes. Effectively this cancels out each others vote meaning that they are free to attend to other things.
I grew up in the 80s-90s hardcore punk scene, older bro took me with him to hundreds of shows at CBGBs, old 9:30 Club, etc.  I snorted/smoked/shot up/dropped/drank everything available, was arrested multiple times before I straightened up a bit in college.  I'm the only one I know who doesn't have a single tattoo.  I like them and all, just never enough to look at it every damn day.  
&gt;These industry representatives have secured billions of dollars in taxpayer subsidies to produce and market the very foods that make us sick.That sentence has a lot of what is wrong with America crammed into relatively few characters.
If it's not carbonated, it's flat.  And you can't ride a bike with a flat!
Tracking growth is part of weight training.  It's not a vanity thing.
You pay professionals to clear yourself of wrongdoing and liability, unless you personally had a hand in the shady activities.Most people don't know anything about taxes and wealthy clients just pay to have their taxable income lowered as much as possible  *while still remaining legally sound.* some firms may have strategies that don't seem legit, or prove faulty, but you're the client in this case. This wouldn't necessarily be a case where Wesley snipes doesn't pay taxes and flees the country. This is a case of someone paying someone, making a good faith effort to be on the up and up.Signing tax forms is a requirement for filing, not a form of indemnification for the tax professional.*ETA: none if this is specific to FIFA.*
I have a concealed weapons permit. First few days walking through the Target or at the gas station with a gun tucked into my pants was intense! I was even pulled over once with it on my hip and I though I was about to get shot. I gave the officer my permit and he asked why I gave it to him. With my hands still on the steering wheel I looked down at my hip and told him I had a gun in my waste band. He reached inside and  opened the door from the inside and had me step out. Hands on the roof. Disarmed me. Went back to his car with my gun and I guess ran my plate. I came close to just yelling at him, "keep it! I don't even want it!" but I didn't. He gave me a ticket for an expired tag (3 days :/) and then the best part, he gave me my gun. A cop... Gave me... A gun... Such an odd feeling. 
Another man ruined by porn.
A reptilian overlord that's also a ginger? *Command me, my queen.*
[*You soulless Federation pigs are all smelly. You think you're the police of the galaxy. I hate all you Federal scum. You'll rue this day!*](http://i.imgur.com/uBc9zxg.png)
This website has a fucking menu button for Gamergate. What a bunch of dickbags.    And since when is a PS4 nearly $700?    EDIT: holy shit is this some Return Of Kings knockoff I wasn't aware of?
Eeloo Kermin Multipass
Well, I'm glad I haven't been on the internet long enough that I've become desensitized to things like that. That person is disgusting. He sounds like a fucking cartoon villain. How the hell do people like this exist?
The "perfect design" they are famous for died a few years ago with Steve Jobs. They have been making a lot of stang decisions lately that I don't think he would have signed off on. 
If you like terrible acting, gigantic plot holes, and pure stupidity.What's the name of that giant gorge in Iowa again?Why does their time travel crap work...except for the time it didn't and killed em?What Navy would ever make a Cadet a senior officer just because?yeah no, only a kid would like those piles of stool. 
I think that's a vandals cover band 
Surprised I had to come this far down for the obvious Portal 2 reference 
Uhhhh thanks, but we would prefer to be paid an extra $5k
If I were him I would be more afraid of class warfare. 
